>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!-----------------------------R
		â220â

	The rolling plain to the west of Bakhasa is a bleak and Š	barren steppe that is studded with countless thousands Š	of sawn-off tree stumps. Once this region was part of Š	the great forest of Kelderwood, yet in recent times the Š	ruler of Bhanar, Autarch Sejanoz, has commanded the Š	Bakhasians to harvest the forest's valuable hardwood Š	and dispatch it downstream to feed the insatiable Š	imperial shipyards of Otavai. Travelling on foot, the Š	stumps are no obstruction to your progress and you are Š	able to press on without stopping until late in the Š	afternoon. As you crest a ridge of high ground, you Š	spot a troop of horsemen escorting a line of wagons Š	laden with timber. They are less than a mile distant Š	and they appear to be heading towards a settlement on Š	the banks of the River Tehda. You wait and watch them Š	until they are dots on the horizon before continuing Š	your trek towards the city of Bakhasa.
	
	You are within twenty miles of Bakhasa when dusk begins Š	to darken the gloomy sky. Karvas requests that you stop Š	and rest awhile before making a final push for the Š	city. You are feeling hungry after your long day's Š	march and you readily agree. (Unless you possess the Š	discipline of Grand Huntmastery, you must now eat a Š	Meal or lose 3 ENDURANCE points.) 
		
	Night falls within an hour of you resuming your trek, Š	yet the distant lights of Bakhasa and its surrounding Š	settlements enable you to stay on course and maintain Š	an impressive pace. The city is lit by hundreds of Š	fiery beacons which mark the outline of its ancient Š	perimeter wall and angular watchtowers. These fires Š	also illuminate the surface of the River Tehda which Š	passes through the centre of Bakhasa. To the south of Š	the city, lines of tethered barges stacked high with Š	logs lie moored along both of its paved banks. Under Š	cover of the night, you are able to move through the Š	outlying settlements without being seen. When at last Š	you hear a bell in the city tolling the midnight hour, Š	you find yourself upon a knoll overlooking a rutted Š	road which approaches Bakhasa's west gate. Using your Š	night vision, you scan the high perimeter wall and note Š	the positions of guards posted around its tiled Š	parapet. They are greatest in number above a wide stone Š	archway where the glimmering river flows out of the Š	city. Prince Karvas is eager to enter the city before Š	dawn and he asks you to choose the way. Aware that it Š	may prove easier to find and take some horses whilst Š	most of Bakhasa's inhabitants are still asleep, you Š	scan the perimeter wall once more and consider how best Š	you can pass beyond it.


	If you wish to attempt to enter Bakhasa by way of its Š	east gate, turn to  â311â

	If you decide to attempt entry to the city by way of Š	the river arch, turn to  â94â