>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚221‚

	The man pockets your money (erase the appropriate ä	amount from your ÈAction ChartÈ) and chuckles to ä	himself as he swaggers to the side of the bridge. ä	Karvas asks that he pull the cart aside so that you ä	can ride across, but the man sneers at the prince's ä	request. "Move it y'selves!" he bellows.	Cursing his ä	insolence, you jump down from the saddle and drag the ä	cart lengthways to make room enough to pass. Then you ä	remount your horse and ride with Karvas, in single ä	file, across to the other side. 

	The River Ioma is the political boundary between the ä	realms of Lunarlia and Siyen. For centuries, Voshno ä	has been claimed by both kingdoms and its inhabitants ä	have grown used to the disruption that comes from ä	living astride a border between two frequently ä	warring nations. Currently the hamlet is divided ä	evenly. You notice that Prince Karvas is smiling as ä	he rides with you away from the river, and you ask ä	him why this is so, especially after having just been ä	fleeced by the boorish toll collector. He explains ä	that this half of Voshno is Siyenese territory, part ä	of his native country. After ten years in exile he ä	has at last returned to his homeland. 
	
	There is less than an hour left before it will be ä	dark, and so you suggest to him that you stop at an ä	inn to celebrate his return home over a tankard of ä	Siyenese ale. He agrees, and you ride into the ä	courtyard of the nearest tavern. Outside its door ä	there hangs a board displaying the prices of its ä	food, ale and lodging. Its list of charges have all ä	been struck out and replaced with new figures that at ä	ten times more than the original costs. Shocked by ä	the exorbitant prices, you decide to forego your ä	celebratory ale and leave Voshno. 
	
	You camp for the night in a copse of elm trees that ä	border the trail, a mile to the east of the hamlet. ä	Before you sleep, you must eat a Meal or lose 3 ä	ENDURANCE points (unless you possess the discipline ä	of Grand Huntmastery).


	To continue, turn to ‚125‚
