>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚226‚

	Having agreed the places where each of you will begin ä	your search for the whereabouts of Prince Karvas, you ä	follow Acraban to the rear deck and enter the ä	skyship's boarding cage. Swiftly it is winched down ä	to the market square where you are met unexpectedly ä	by a jostling crowd of grimy-faced street urchins. ä	They have been gathering here since dawn to stare in ä	wonderment at the ÈStarstriderÈ hovering motionless in ä	the cloudless sky above. Acraban hurls a handful of ä	copper coins across the cobblestones and these ä	children scramble to retrieve them. This creates ä	enough space to allow Zinair to push open the cage ä	door and the three of you to step out. After agreeing ä	to return to the skyship no later than sunset, you ä	split up and go in search of your chosen ä	destinations.

	Unlike the urchins, the adult population of Mydnight ä	appear less than fascinated by the imposing sight of ä	the ÈStarstriderÈ hovering above their city, and few ä	pay it a second glance. This seeming lack of interest ä	does not surprise you. For centuries this port has ä	been a refuge for exiles from the many nations of ä	Magnamund who, for their own individual reasons, have ä	chosen to forsake their native lands. They are, by ä	nature, a secretive community. Any overt interest in ä	the affairs of another is commonly viewed with ä	suspicion and distrust. 
	You retrace the route you took last night and soon ä	find yourself at the harbour. ÈThe AzaktanaÈ is still ä	moored at the quayside and you give the crew a ä	friendly wave as you stride across the quayside ä	towards The Smitheries - the city's west quarter. 
	This district of Mydnight is crowded with the ä	workshops of skilled artisans and craftsmen. ä	Ironsmiths, potters, carpenters, weavers, wheel-ä	rights, and glassblowers to name but a few. Most are ä	honest men seeking refuge from the greedy barons and ä	landlords of their native lands. Some have come to ä	escape their debts, while others have found ä	themselves brought here by some misfortune. The noise ä	that fills this quarter of the city is almost ä	deafening. The ceaseless hammering of iron and copper ä	blends with the cries of sellers to create a ä	reverberating wall of sound. 
	
	You enter a blacksmith's shop that has an impressive ä	display of knives, tools, and other utensils fixed to ä	the beams which support its slated roof. You hope ä	that Prince Karvas may have purchased items from this ä	shop as sometime in the past and you ask the owner if ä	he knows of him and his whereabouts. The blacksmith ä	scowls with disdain and turns his back on you. Your ä	Kai sixth sense tells you that he suspects you to be ä	an assassin who has come here to Mydnight to find and ä	murder the prince. He motions to his son who is ä	working the bellows of a furnace nearby. You realise ä	you must act quickly if you wish to allay the ä	blacksmith's suspicions and avoid a confrontation ä	with his son.


	If you possess the Grand Master discipline of Kai-ä	alchemy, turn to  ‚14‚

	If you do not possess this skill, or if you should ä	choose not to use it, turn to  ‚260‚