>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â227â      

	Early next morning, before dawn, you meet with Karvas Š	and Sainus and go to collect your horses from the Š	stable. As you mount them, the old man bids you good Š	luck and he gives the prince a pouch containing 50 Š	Orla, a sum that could prove useful during the ride Š	to Seroa. 
	
	Dawn breaks as you leave Sainus's house, and you hear Š	a bell which signifies that the night curfew has now Š	come to an end. You ride along the streets of the Š	north quarter and enter a broad avenue that leads Š	directly to the east gatehouse. The guards posted Š	here are opening the great east gate as you approach, Š	and you gallop through the widening gap. 

	The sun shines brightly all day and you make good Š	progress along the King's Highway. By nightfall you Š	have covered more than eighty miles and have reached Š	a small village called Landsdorf. You decide to stop Š	and rest at the village's solitary tavern - the Š	Golden Plough Inn - and as you ride into its Š	courtyard a young stable boy runs to greet you and Š	take care of your horses. Two rooms here cost 10 Š	Orla, a sum which Prince Karvas pays in full using Š	part of the money given to him by Sainus. The jovial Š	tavern-keeper hands you each a key and he offers you Š	a tankard of his best ale, on the house.

	You accept his generous offer and enter the taproom Š	of this hospitable tavern. As your frothing beer is Š	being drawn from the cask, you overhear a Š	conversation at a nearby table. Three farmers are Š	discussing the crowning ceremony and one of them says Š	that it is to take place at noon. This news unsettles Š	Karvas, for traditionally the ceremony of ascendence Š	begins at dusk, as soon as the sun disappears below Š	the horizon. If what the farmer says is true, you now Š	have only one and a half days left in which to reach Š	Seroa in time for the crowning. You resolve to get as Š	much sleep as you can this night, and then ride for Š	Seroa at dawn. If you forego sleep tomorrow and Š	journey through the night, you can still arrive at Š	the capital before noon on Harvestmas Day. Karvas Š	prays that your horses are fit enough for the Š	gruelling ride, and you are both glad that you have Š	decided to rest them here tonight. They will need all Š	their strength come the morning. 

	As you sip your ale, your rumbling stomach reminds Š	you that you have not eaten for several hours.


	If you wish to order and eat a meal in the taproom, Š	turn to  â142â

	If you decide to ignore your rumbling stomach and Š	retire to your room as soon as you have finished your Š	ale, turn to  â41â                                  