>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚235‚

	Your Kai senses lead you to believe that a storm is ä	brewing, but it is unlike any you have encountered ä	before. The blanket of cloud, which has been a ä	constant feature of the voyage so far, is beginning
	to dissipate. As it thins out it reveals a stark ä	landscape of black volcanic rock far below. This ä	tortured landscape is scarred by deep chasms and ä	fissures, some of which emit jets of steam that roar ä	skywards to buffet the hull of the ÈStarstriderÈ as it 
	flies past. Some of these colossal jets condense to ä	form strange green-grey clouds which slowly drift and ä	tumble back to the ground. One such cloud forms in ä	the air and begins to fall on a collision course with ä	the ship. Acraban sees the threat and he orders Kuo, ä	his helmsman, to descend three hundred feet in order ä	to evade the falling cloud mass. 
	
	As the ÈStarstriderÈ begins its descent there is a  ä	startlingly loud explosion. From his nest atop the ä	mainmast, the lookout shouts a warning and points ä	frantically towards the ground. You rush to the rail ä	and peer over the side, your stomach churning with ä	fearful anticipation of what you will see. Deep ä	within the fathomless reaches of the fissures and ä	chasms passing below, you glimpse flashes of blue-ä	white energy. These bolts are growing brighter and ä	louder as they streak towards the surface. One bolt ä	escapes from a vent in the middle distance and rips ä	open the sky. It skewers a cluster of steam-clouds ä	and blows them apart in a loud and spectacular ä	explosion of gas and flame. You urge Acraban to order ä	his helmsman to ascend, to avoid the new and deadly ä	danger that is striking at you from below. The wizard ä	turns to Kuo, but before he can issue the order, ä	there is a deafening ÈCrack!È from somewhere beneath ä	the stern.
	
	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ.


	If the number you have chosen is  ‚0‚ - ‚3‚, turn to  ‚268‚

	If it is  ‚4‚ - ‚6‚, turn to  ‚149‚

	If it is  ‚7‚ - ‚9‚, turn to  ‚341‚
