>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚247‚      

	The Marshal of the Guard has his men confiscate your ä	weapons, your Kai Weapon, your backpack, and all of ä	your Special Items. (They leave only your Belt Pouch ä	and its contents. On your ÈAction ChartÈ mark each of ä	the confiscated items with an asterisk [*] to ä	indicate that they are no longer in your possession, ä	but do not erase them at this time.) Then he marches ä	you and Karvas under close escort to the cells below ä	the main hall, where you are shackled to the wall in ä	irons. Karvas is shocked by this brutal treatment and ä	he cannot reason why Lodamos would treat you both ä	this way. 
	
	An hour passes before the door to the cell is thrown ä	open and in strides Baron Lodamos, escorted by a ä	bodyguard of his toughest fighting men. Prince Karvas ä	pleads for your immediate release, but his pleas fall ä	on deaf ears.
	"Do you not recognise me, my lord?" he asks. "Do you ä	not remember the days we spent hunting wild boar in ä	the Ioma Forest?"
	Cautiously the Baron approaches the prince. He has ä	one of his bodyguards come forward with a torch so ä	that he may look at his face. The elderly Baron 
	scrutinises the prince's every feature, including the ä	birthmark on his wrist. 
	"The resemblance is uncanny, I grant you that," he ä	says, "but you are most-likely another impostor, ä	another of Sadanzo's sorcerous creations sent here to ä	assassinate me. No, I refuse to believe that you are ä	Prince Karvas." 
	The Baron turns to leave the cell and signals to his ä	bodyguard to follow, but Karvas begs him to stay. ä	Hurriedly he recalls some of the visits he made to ä	Varedo when he was a young boy, and he recounts the ä	summer Lodamos spent teaching him to hunt and ride. ä	Some of the details he recalls would only be known by ä	the real Prince Karvas, and this is enough to make ä	Baron Lodamos stop and hesitate. 
	"You have a persuasive tongue," he says, "but I am ä	not convinced. Sadanzo is a cunning foe. Yet there is ä	one way I can be sure."

	Baron Lodamos turns to the sergeant of his bodyguard ä	and says: "Very well, Guntor. Take them both to the ä	chapel. Only there will their true identities be ä	revealed."


	To continue, turn to  ‚300‚
