>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â255â

	You pull hard on the reins and twist in the saddle to Š	avoid the onrushing shaft. Your swift reactions save Š	you from being struck in the body, yet the arrow Š	gouges your leg before it shatters into the ground: Š	lose 2 ENDURANCE points.

	Karvas leaps into the saddle and you toss him the Š	reins of his horse. With a cry of elation, you wheel Š	your stallion about and spur him towards an avenue on Š	the west side of the square. You and the prince Š	gallop side-by-side along this broad thoroughfare as Š	fast as your horses will carry you, trampling any Š	Bakhasian who is foolish enough to stand in your way. Š	The road leads directly to the city's east gate where Š	a bell is tolling loudly. A crowd of militiamen have Š	gathered at the gate, summoned from their beds by the Š	alarm, but they are without their officer and in the Š	chaos and confusion they have forgotten to close the Š	gate. They scatter in all directions as you thunder Š	along the avenue towards them and you are able to Š	escape through the open archway without challenge. 

	Whooping with excitement, you race away from Bakhasa Š	along a dusty trail that heads towards the foothills Š	of the Dammerdon Mountains. You glance to your side Š	and see Prince Karvas punch the air victoriously.
	Clearly he is as excited by this daring escape as you Š	are, for he has a grin fixed to his sweat-streaked Š	face that stretches from ear to ear.

	Your strong Bhanarian stallions carry you swiftly Š	into the foothills and never once do they falter in Š	their stride nor slacken their impressive pace. Only Š	when you can no longer see the lights of Bakhasa do Š	you let them slow to a canter. For more than an hour Š	you travel the trail as it meanders through pine-Š	covered hills and shallow valleys. The night sky is Š	clear and the way ahead is illuminated by bright Š	starlight. When you come to a shallow ford that Š	crosses a fast-flowing stream, you stop awhile to let Š	your horses drink their fill.

	Unless you possess the discipline of Grand Hunt-Š	mastery, you must now eat a Meal or lose 3 ENDURANCE Š	points.


	To continue, turn to  â323â
