>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚262‚

	Mentally you recite the words of the Brotherhood ä	spell - ÈMind CharmÈ - and attempt to use its power to ä	command the Knight Bachelor to let you go on your ä	way. As the waves of your psychic energy reach his ä	mind, you are shocked to see that a green gemstone ä	ring on the index finger of his right hand is ä	beginning to radiate bright pulses of light. Your ä	sixth sense warns you that this ring has the power to ä	protect its wearer from the effects of charms and ä	illusions. It also alerts him to the fact that you ä	are attempting to use such magic on him.
	
	The Knight Bachelor looks at the pulsating ring and ä	then he glares at you. With a cry of rage he ä	unsheathes his sword and attempts to strike out for ä	your head, but you pull away and the point of the ä	blade flashes past to gash your shoulder: lose 2 ä	ENDURANCE points.
	
	"You sorcerous spy!" he exclaims. You glance at ä	Karvas and shout for him to follow your lead. The ä	Prince nods in acknowledgement and you dig your heels ä	into your horse's flank, causing him to rear up and ä	scrabble at the air with his forelegs. The Knight ä	Bachelor pulls back on his reins and turns his steed ä	aside to avoid being struck by the flailing hooves. ä	At this moment, you press yourself flat against your ä	horse's neck and urge him forwards. The knight's men ä	bring their mounts together to block your escape, but ä	your horse is quick to the gallop. He surges forwards ä	and forces himself between two troopers, barging them ä	from the saddle as he pushes through their stationary ä	ranks. As you break from the circle, you hear Karvas ä	cry out and the sound sends a shiver racing down your ä	spine. When you glance back you see that he has been ä	unsaddled and he is now lying on the ground, helpless ä	before the stamping steel-shod hooves of the Knight ä	Bachelor's warhorse.

	"Surrender yourself, you trickster!" commands the ä	arrogant Cavalian knight, "or your journeyman ä	companion dies!"

	Reluctantly you rein in your horse and raise your ä	hands. Better to surrender and live to fight another ä	day than permit Prince Karvas to be crushed beneath ä	the hooves of this arrogant knight's horse.


	Turn to  ‚130‚
