>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â27â      

	When you and Karvas are unable to produce a ticket, Š	the guard gets angry. You say that you must have lost Š	your tickets during the voyage, but this excuse does Š	not impress him. He beckons to a group of his fellow Š	guardsmen who are standing beside a stone hut at the Š	entrance to the docking area. "You'll have to see the Š	Wharfmaster," he says, brusquely, "Tell him your Š	tale."

	The group of guardsmen come and escort you and Karvas Š	to the hut where an officious man in a scarlet tunic Š	is sitting at a desk, writing with a quill pen. 
	"They've no tickets, Wharfmaster," states one of the Š	guardsmen, before they turn away and close the door. Š	The man puts down his pen and takes a crystal sphere Š	from his pocket which he fixes into a holder at the Š	centre of his desk. Then he tells you both to sit Š	before him at the table and explain why you have no Š	tickets to travel aboard the riverboat. Karvas Š	becomes impatient with the man and he demands that Š	you be allowed to leave. "I don't think you realise Š	the trouble you're in," replies the Wharfmaster, Š	testily. "Travelling by riverboat without paying the Š	fare is a custodial offence. The punishment is one Š	day in gaol for every day travelled." The man opens Š	his desk drawer and takes out a slim rod of opaque Š	crystal. "Now," he says, staring you straight in the Š	eye, "kindly tell me why you have no ticket."

	You repeat the excuse you gave when you disembarked,
	that you must have lost your ticket during the Š	voyage. The clear crystal sphere resting on his desk Š	becomes milky white, and then its hue changes to Š	crimson.

	"You're lying," says the Wharfmaster, and he touches Š	you lightly on the hand with the tip of his slim rod.
	Suddenly a blinding white light flashes before your Š	eyes and you feel yourself rapidly falling into 
	unconsciousness.


	Turn to  â332â
