>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰276‰      

	The trader becomes flustered and angry when you put ä	away your gold, and he signals to his henchmen to ä	throw you out of his emporium. They move towards you ä	in eager readiness to obey their master's command. ä	Rather than resist and risk slaying them in a fight, ä	you allow yourself to be manhandled out of the ä	warehouse.

	Back on the quayside you resolve to explore the ä	tangle of alleyways that make up the city's eastern ä	quarter in the hope of finding someone who is more ä	willing to talk about the prince. Unfortunately, your ä	efforts garner no useful information. As the sun ä	begins to settle on the horizon, you finally abandon ä	your search and hurry back through the darkening ä	passageways towards the market square.         
	
	Wizard Acraban and Lord Zinair are already waiting ä	aboard the ÈStarstriderÈ by the time you reach the ä	market square. The magician orders the boarding cage ä	to be lowered and you are winched up to the skyship. ä	They are disappointed to hear that your search for ä	information has been in vain. Fortunately, Lord ä	Zinair's efforts have been more fruitful.	

	"Prince Karvas is not here," he says. "He lived here ä	when he first came to Sheasu some ten years ago, but ä	a young woman called Amarelda arrived soon after and ä	they were married, here, in the harbour. They left ä	Mydnight the day after their wedding and settled
	somewhere on the northern coastline. It has been more ä	than a year since they last visited the city."
	
	Turning to Acraban, Zinair says: "I propose we travel ä	north at first light and commence a search of the ä	northern shoreline. I suspect it will be easier to ä	espy their retreat from the air than to attempt any ä	search by land." 

	Acraban nods in agreement. Then he passes word to his ä	young crew to prepare the ÈStarstriderÈ for a voyage ä	north at first light.



	Turn to  ‚187‚


