>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â280â      

	The city of Oberra is still mourning the death of Š	King Oridon. Its scarlet and yellow flags hang at Š	half mast, and many of its citizens wear black arm Š	bands and shawls as visible marks of their respect Š	for the memory of Prince Karvas's father. As you ride Š	along its paved streets, you see that many of its Š	shops and public buildings bear proclamations Š	announcing the forthcoming crowning of Baron Sadanzo Š	on Harvestmas Day. Most of these notices have either Š	been torn or defaced with black paint, and this Š	cheers Karvas, for it shows that the citizens of this Š	wealthy city do not welcome the prospect of having Š	Baron Sadanzo as their future king.

	It is nearing darkness when you find the residence of Š	Florin Sainus. It is well-appointed townhouse, built Š	on three levels with its own walled garden and Š	stables. You dismount and pull a bell rope that hangs Š	beside its arched door. The prince's aged tutor is Š	overwhelmed with surprise and delight when he opens Š	the door and sees his former pupil standing on the Š	steps before him. The old man ushers you both inside Š	and orders his servants to attend to your horses. Š	Over a reviving meal of steamed fish and oatmeal Š	bread, Karvas recounts the perilous events of the Š	past few weeks which have brought you here to seek Š	his help. Gladly he pledges his assistance, but he Š	cautions you that your time has nearly run out. Š	Carefully he considers the ways by which you could Š	still reach Seroa in time for the crowning, and at Š	length he tells you of two routes. Both offer an Š	equal chance of success. 
	
	The first is the most direct route: the King's Š	Highway from Oberra to Seroa. Normally this road Š	would take four days to travel, but there are now Š	only three full days left before Harvestmas, and so Š	you would have to ride hard to make up for the Š	missing day. The second route is partly by road and Š	partly by river. Seventy-five miles due east of Š	Oberra is the hamlet of Xaia. It lies on a bend of Š	the River Seroa and is a boarding point for the  Š	boats that carry cargo and travellers along this Š	major waterway. By this route the journey to Seroa Š	can be completed in three days, "assuming that the Š	river boats are running to schedule," warns Sainus. 
	"They are the swiftest means of reaching the capital, Š	yet they can be unreliable during spells of bad Š	weather."

	Karvas proposes that you decide which route to take Š	and then leave Oberra at once. "If we commence our Š	journey this night, we may gain a few precious hours Š	that could ensure our success."	You agree with the Š	prince that you should go at once, but Sainus informs Š	you that it will not be possible for you to leave Š	Oberra until dawn. He tells you that the city council Š	have imposed a curfew during the hours of darkness, Š	following an outbreak of thefts and murders among its Š	prominent citizens. Sainus believes that Baron Š	Sadanzo's robber knights are responsible for the Š	crimes, for many have become residents of the city Š	since King Oridon passed away. He fears that they are Š	plotting to overthrow the council and will act as Š	soon as Sadanzo is crowned king. 
	
	In light of the situation, you decide to stay here Š	and rest, and then leave the city at first light. Š	Before you retire, Karvas asks you to decide which Š	route you should use to travel to Seroa.


	If you wish to travel the King's Highway, the road Š	that leads directly from Oberra to Seroa, turn 
	to  â227â

	If you decide to travel to Seroa by way of road and Š	river boat, turn instead to  â59â
