>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL58
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â283â

	You rise at dawn and after a hearty breakfast in the Š	tavern kitchen, you and Karvas collect your horses Š	from the stables. The tavern-keeper and his wife bid Š	you a cheery farewell, and set off from Voshno along Š	a road that crosses the plain to the east. 
	
	The morning sky is clear and sunny, and the air is Š	filled with butterflies and the sound of birdsong. Š	Having now entered Siyen, and with ten days remaining Š	to Harvestmas, you are feeling quietly confident that Š	you will reach Seroa in time for Karvas to be crowned Š	King. To your surprise you find that the prince is a Š	little less optimistic. He tells you that you are now Š	approaching the eastern province of Cavalia, a region Š	which shares its name with its principal city. The Š	province and city are ruled by Sadanzo, the evil Š	baron who seeks to usurp the throne of Siyen. Karvas Š	cautions you to remain vigilant until you are safely Š	beyond the borders of his enemy's province.

	It is nearing noon when you first glimpse the towers Š	and spires of Cavalia glinting on the horizon. The Š	plains road leads directly to its fortified Š	gatehouse, but Karvas is anxious to avoid entering Š	the city. He proposes that you leave the road and use Š	a smaller trail which threads through several Š	villages and settlements that ring the city. You are Š	approaching the first of these villages where you see Š	a troop of thirty horsemen riding towards you on the Š	trail ahead. They wear chainmail armour and they each Š	have the emblem of a black eagle's head emblazoned Š	upon their white surcoats and shields. A golden crown Š	surmounts these eagle's heads and Karvas gasps when Š	he sees them. He signals to you to rein in your Š	horse, and as you come to a halt, he tells you that Š	the approaching horsemen are wearing the livery of Š	Baron Sadanzo. The black eagle's head is his mark, Š	but it is the addition of a golden crown that has Š	shocked Karvas. It is the sign of royal ascedence. Š	Karvas is fearful that Baron Sadanzo has already been Š	crowned King of Siyen. 
	
	As they ride nearer, the leader of the troop - a Š	Knight Bachelor - motions his horsemen to leave the Š	trail and encircle you and the prince. As they obey Š	his command, the Knight Bachelor brings his snorting Š	steed to a halt alongside your horse.

	"Hail, fellow riders" he says, with forced Š	politeness. He raises the steel visor of his helmet Š	and his dark, suspicious eyes scrutinise you from Š	head to toe.

	"You are Northlanders, are you not? What business do Š	you pursue here in the province of Cavalia?"


	If you wish to answer that you are journeymen from Š	Sommerlund who are travelling across Southern Š	Magnamund to learn about its peoples and customs, Š	turn to  â140â

	If you wish to answer that you are on your way to        Š	Seroa for the Harvestmas Day festival, turn to â173â

	If you choose not to answer the Knight Bachelor's Š	questions, turn to  â43â
