>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â292â

	The morning sky is filled with brooding clouds and Š	the surrounding granite peaks appear hostile and Š	unforgiving, but you draw some comfort from the fact Š	that the rain has ceased and you are able to ride Š	this ancient mountain trail with little difficulty. Š	It is nearing midday when you catch your first Š	glimpse of the wastelands that lie to the east, far Š	beyond the Dammerdon range. These are the Doomlands Š	of Naaros and your heart fills with dread when you Š	recall something of what you learned about this Š	region during your teachings at the Kai monastery.

	This vast wasteland of dust and ash was formerly the Š	seat of power of the greatest, most evil being who Š	ever ruled Magnamund - Agarash the Damned. At is Š	centre there once stood his mighty fortress-city of Š	Naaros; now all that remains is a titanic chasm of Š	molten lava and heat-fused rock. Ten millleniums ago, Š	the gods Ishir and Kai sent forth the magical Elder Š	Magi to challenge the rule of Agarash, and they Š	undertook a daring assault upon Naaros and its fell Š	inhabitants - the Agarashi - éthe Creatures of Š	Darknessé. This attack precipitated a war which lasted Š	a thousand years and culminated in the destruction of Š	Agarash and his accursed empire. Once there were many Š	cities and fortresses in the Doomlands; now there are Š	none.

	As you continue along the trail you pass several Š	waystones that are set into the ground at regular Š	intervals. They are not ancient stones for they each Š	bear the symbol of Sejanoz, and your Kai senses Š	detect that these carvings are no more than a decade Š	old. Karvas suspects that Sejanoz has had them placed Š	here as a form of homage to the memory of Agarash. Š	Throughout Southern Magnamund it is rumoured that the Š	spirit of Agarash lives on, imprisoned within the Š	molten ruins of Naaros.


	If you possess Grand Pathsmanship, and have attained Š	the rank of Kai Grand Sentinel, turn to  â348â

	If you do not possess this skill, or if you have yet Š	to attain this level of Kai Mastery, turn to  â238â
