>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚295‚

	
	Painfully you stagger to your feet and try to focus ä	on your surroundings. Through a pall of smoke you ä	hear the groans of wounded crewmen and the crackling ä	buzz of electrical arcing. Steam rises from a gaping ä	hole in the stern deck and a fire rages around the ä	base of the mainmast. Prince Karvas emerges unscathed ä	from the rope locker and quickly he helps you to ä	smother this fire. Then he gives first aid to a ä	crewman who is lying nearby, nursing a broken knee. ä	Acraban comes staggering out of the smoke. His robes ä	are torn and a trickle of blood runs from a cut above ä	his right ear. You use your Kai curing skills to heal ä	the wizard's wound and then together you help ä	evacuate the injured crewmen from the crippled ä	skyship. Acraban orders Bo'sun Gora to go and assess ä	the state of the crew. He returns shortly and reports ä	that from the ship's original compliment of ten men, ä	three are now missing, three are wounded, and one is ä	dead. The remaining three crewmen, himself included, ä	have survived the crash with only minor injuries. 

	Using your Kai curing skills, you ease the pain of ä	the badly injured crewmen before helping Karvas and ä	Gora to bury the dead man - Kuo the helmsman. The ä	area surrounding the crashed skyship is thickly ä	wooded and, with night fast approaching and a sky ä	heavy with clouds, it is impossible for you to ä	determine your exact location. Acraban proposes to ä	contact Lord Zinair and inform him of the disaster by ä	means of his seeing stone. But, to his dismay, he ä	soon discovers that the magical artefact has been ä	lost in the crash. 
	
	As the darkness of night envelops the smouldering ä	wreck of the ÈStarstriderÈ, you find it hard to ä	suppress a growing sense of despair. It is a mood ä	shared by the other survivors, and few words are ä	exchanged as you work together to erect a makeshift ä	shelter for the wounded beside the ship's battered ä	keel. When the shelter is finished, you each look for ä	a place nearby where you can lie down and attempt to ä	recover from the fatigue of your terrible ordeal. 

	Before you try to get some sleep, unless you possess ä	the discipline of Grand Huntmastery you must now eat ä	a Meal or lose 3 ENDURANCE points.


	To continue, turn to  ‚331‚
