>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â30â      

	You rush into the small bakery and your sudden Š	appearance startles the baker's wife. She gasps when Š	she sees your soaked and slime-smeared features, and Š	nervously she snatches up a carving knife and Š	threatens to use it if either of you come a step Š	closer. You can understand her reaction; after your Š	dip in the citadel moat, you and Karvas look more Š	reptilian than human.

	"Calm yourself, good lady," you say, in as soothing Š	tone as you are able to muster, "My companion and I 
	may appear a little wretched but we mean you no Š	harm." The woman is not convinced. She raises the Š	knife in her trembling hand and begins shouting Š	hysterically for her husband. Moments later, a portly Š	man in a white smock and cloth hat emerges from an Š	open doorway at the rear of the shop. He is Š	brandishing an iron skillet and he comes at you like Š	a charging bull. 
	"Hold there, Barwick!" shouts Karvas, and to your Š	astonishment the baker skids to a halt and drops his Š	iron pot to the floor.
	"Prince Karvas...is it you?" he stammers. Karvas uses Š	his sleeve to wipe some of the slime from his face, Š	then he gives the baker a broad smile.
	"Yes, Barwick, it is I."
	"Thank Ishir," gasps the baker, and he falls to his Š	knees. "We have prayed that you would return home and Š	save us from Sadanzo. We of Cavalia have suffered his Š	tyranny for too long. He is an evil man and we fear Š	that he will bring ruin to Siyen when he is crowned Š	King. But now our prince has returned to stop him. Š	Ishir be praised!"

	The sound of horses galloping to a halt outside the Š	bakery alerts you to the fact that you and the prince Š	are still in great danger. The baker bolts the door Š	and then urges you and Karvas to follow him as he Š	hurries out of the shop, past his baking ovens, and Š	through a rear door that leads to a walled yard Š	scattered with chickens. He pulls open the door of an Š	outbuilding and he offers you and Karvas the two Š	young horses that are stabled inside. They are his Š	most valuable animals and Karvas is impressed by the Š	man's generosity.

	"I'll not forget this, Barwick," says Karvas, as you Š	and he quickly saddle the two colts. The baker pulls Š	open one of a pair of gates at the rear of his yard. Š	Proudly he salutes you as you steer your horses Š	through the gap and gallop away along a passageway Š	that leads to one of Cavalia's city streets.


	Turn to  â67â
