>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â300â      

	The sergeant has his men unchain you from the wall Š	and march you at spearpoint along the lower corridors Š	and passages of the citadel, to a small chapel of Š	worship that is dedicated to the Goddess Ishir. You Š	and Karvas are pushed into this chapel and its heavy Š	door is slammed shut and bolted behind you.	Moonlight Š	filters into this place of worship through leaded Š	stained glass set into star-shaped alcoves near its Š	vaulted ceiling. It casts a pale rainbow of colour Š	upon a marble tomb which occupies the centre of the Š	chapel floor. Its heavy stone lid is carved in the Š	likeness of a recumbent knight whose hands are folded Š	around the hilt of a broadsword. 

	Karvas is about to beat his fist on the bolted door Š	and demand that he be allowed to speak to Dunwayne, Š	but you stay his hand. Your Magnakai discipline of Š	Divination warns you that you and Karvas are not Š	alone in this chapel. You detect a strong psychic Š	presence that is centred upon the tomb. A sudden gust Š	of wind sweeps through the chapel and you feel the Š	air temperature plummet to near freezing. Ice Š	crystallises on the sides of the tomb and a ghostly Š	plume of vapour seeps from cracks in the stone. This Š	translucent mist swirls and condenses, and gradually Š	it adopts the recognisable form of a knight in armour Š	clutching the hilt of a broadsword. It is the ghost Š	of the warrior whose remains are entombed here. He is Š	a paladin knight, and his ghost has arisen to test Š	your true purpose. The ghostly warrior raises his Š	mighty sword and rays of eerie blue light flood out Š	from the slits in the visor of his spectral helm. As Š	this light washes over you and Karvas, you feel Š	pulses of psychic energy assaulting your mind. The Š	prince lets out a scream and then he falls Š	unconscious to the floor as the waves of energy Š	increase in intensity.


	If you possess Kai-screen, turn to  â218â

	If you do not possess this Grand Master discipline, Š	turn to  â196â
