>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â303â

	Over the next two days you ride away from Jaroc in a Š	north-easterly direction, crossing a rich expanse of Š	rolling prairie. The riding is easy and the fine Š	weather helps you make good progress. By noon of the Š	third day out of Jaroc you have covered nearly two Š	hundred miles and you are feeling in good spirits. Š	The prairie gradually gives way to a region of hilly Š	uplands that lie sandwiched between two mountain Š	ranges. Here you happen upon a rutted track that Š	leaves the prairie and winds through the hills Š	towards a high pass. There are no signposts on this Š	road, but Karvas is familiar with this region and he Š	tells you that it leads to an outpost town called Š	Battle Pass. You are in the land of Lunarlia and for Š	centuries this realm has been the enemy of Siyen - Š	Prince Karvas's homeland. Many wars have been waged Š	between the two kingdoms and this region has seen Š	countless battles. Karvas pledges to end these wars. Š	When he is crowned King of Siyen he vows that he will Š	seek a lasting peace with the kingdom of Lunarlia.
	
	It is noon and a warm sun is beating down on the Š	fortified town of Battle Pass as you approach its Š	west gate. Karvas is grateful that he is wearing the Š	clothes of a Sommlending journeyman, for the Š	inhabitants of this tough frontier post are Š	notoriously hostile to the Siyenese. To your Š	surprise, the guards at the gate pay you scant Š	attention and you are allowed to enter the town with Š	little more than a cursory glance. You ask Karvas why Š	this is so and he tells you that riders approaching Š	from the west, the Lunarlian side, are allowed to Š	pass freely. Riders from the east, the Siyenese side, Š	are subjected to far greater scrutiny.

	Beyond the west gate a broad avenue opens out into a Š	main square that is bordered by a trading post, a Š	barracks, and a tavern. Both you and Karvas are Š	especially thirsty after your ride through the dry, Š	dusty hills, and you are eager to seek out some Š	refreshment. 


	If you wish to visit the tavern, turn to  â266â

	If you prefer to visit the trading post, turn to  â120â
