>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â306â

	The instant the cell door crashes shut, you use your Š	Magnakai discipline of Nexus to loosen the cords that Š	bind your wrists and then you untie the prince. The Š	air in this dark prison cell is dank and stifling. Š	What little ventilation there is comes from the Š	narrow crack that runs around the iron cell door. Š	Your advanced Weaponmastery tells you that your Kai Š	Weapon is closeby, and when you close your eyes and Š	concentrate, you detect it lying in an empty cell Š	located directly opposite the door of the one you now Š	occupy.
	
	You vow to Karvas that this foul dungeon will not Š	hold him for long, and you set about examining its Š	walls and floor in the hope of finding a way to Š	escape. However, you quickly discover that you have Š	been locked in the securest cell of the citadel, deep Š	below the ground. Beyond its slimy walls there lies Š	nothing but solid earth. Only the cell door offers a Š	glimmer of hope, yet it has no handle, hinges, or Š	keyhole visible on the inside. It is not secured by a Š	key but by a tumbler lock, similar to the lock of a Š	safe, and it is opened by means of a dial on the Š	outside of the door. Placing your ear to its surface, Š	you use your Magnakai discipline of Nexus to will the Š	lock tumblers to move. After a few moments you hear Š	them begin to click over.

	You discover the lock has three tumblers. To open the Š	door, each tumbler has to be turned to the correct Š	position in a sequence. Using your sixth sense, you Š	determine that the first number in the sequence is Š	equal to the number of horses you took from the Tehda Š	Stables. The second is equivalent to the number of Š	seeing stones that Lord Zinair gave to Wizard Š	Acraban. The third in the sequence is equivalent to Š	the number of additional Grand Master disciplines Š	acquired upon reaching the rank of Kai Grand Master Š	Superior.

	When you think you know the three-digit answer, note Š	down the figures in order and turn to the section of Š	the book which is the same as your answer.


	If you are unable to determine the correct solution, Š	turn instead to  â275â
