>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚31‚

	"We don't welcome spies here," growls the blacksmith.
	He nods to his son and the brawny young man snatches ä	an iron from the furnace. Menacingly he levels this ä	glowing rod at your face and very slowly he moves ä	towards you. Hurriedly you apologise to the ä	blacksmith and leave the smithy. 
	
	On returning to the quayside you resolve to explore ä	the tangle of alleyways that make up the city's ä	eastern quarter in the hope of finding someone who is ä	more willing to talk about the prince. Unfortunately, ä	your efforts garner no useful information. As the sun ä	begins to settle on the horizon, you finally abandon ä	your search and hurry back through the darkening ä	passageways towards the market square.         
	
	Wizard Acraban and Lord Zinair are already waiting ä	aboard the ÈStarstriderÈ by the time you reach the ä	market square. The magician orders the boarding cage ä	to be lowered and you are winched up to the skyship. ä	They are disappointed to hear that your search for ä	information has been in vain. Fortunately, Lord ä	Zinair's efforts have been more fruitful.	

	"Prince Karvas is not here," he says. "He lived here ä	when he first came to Sheasu some ten years ago, but ä	a young woman called Amarelda arrived soon after and ä	they were married, here, in the harbour. They left ä	Mydnight the day after their wedding and settled
	somewhere on the northern coastline. It has been more ä	than a year since they last visited the city."
	
	Turning to Acraban, Zinair says: "I propose we travel ä	north at first light and commence a search of the ä	northern shoreline. I suspect it will be easier to ä	espy their retreat from the air than to attempt any ä	search by land." 

	Acraban nods in agreement. Then he passes word to his ä	young crew to prepare the ÈStarstriderÈ for a voyage ä	north at first light.



	Turn to  ‚187‚
