>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â316â

	You hide the guard's body among some long grasses at Š	the base of the perimeter wall and then you hurry Š	across the field to a courtyard located near to the Š	main entrance. This flagstoned yard abuts the Š	entrance gates and is bounded on the other three Š	sides by paddocks, tack rooms, and the training Š	fields. There are only two guards on duty here, the Š	others having been called upon to assist the patrols Š	who are out searching the city. They are both asleep Š	at their posts and you have no difficulty tiptoeing Š	past them and entering the paddocks where the horses Š	are stabled. 
	
	You search the stalls and soon discover two black Š	Bhanarian stallions of magnificent quality and Š	breeding. They will make ideal mounts for you and Š	Prince Karvas. These intelligent animals respond Š	readily to your Magnakai discipline of Animal Control Š	and they remain calm and composed as hurriedly you Š	fix their saddles and bridles. As you are leading Š	them out into the courtyard, you stop to unbuckle a Š	swordbelt from the belly of a sleeping guard. Prince Š	Karvas is unarmed and you are sure he will appreciate Š	this weapon more than its present owner. 
	You lead the horses across the courtyard and as you Š	approach the stables' main doors, you mount one of Š	them and fix the reins of the other to your stirrup.
	Then you kick open one of the double doors and urge Š	your horse forward at the gallop.
	
	The guards outside are taken completely by surprise. Š	As they fumble to unsheathe their swords, you race Š	across the square and wave to Karvas who his waiting Š	patiently for your signal. The prince leaps up from Š	behind the cart and comes running towards the spare Š	horse. He is getting ready to leap into its saddle Š	when a gruff cry alerts you to danger. A patrol have Š	entered the square and their officer is commanding 
	his sergeant to fire at you with his bow.


	If you possess Kai-surge, turn to  â172â

	If you do not possess this discipline, turn to  â313â

