>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‚321‚

	Once you have decided the places where each of you ä	will search for the whereabouts of Prince Karvas, you ä	follow Acraban to the rear deck and enter the ä	skyship's boarding cage. Swiftly it is winched down ä	to the market square where you are met unexpectedly ä	by a pressing crowd of grimy-faced street urchins. ä	They have been gathering here since dawn to stare in ä	wonderment at the ÈStarstriderÈ hovering motionless in ä	the cloudless sky above. Acraban scatters a handful ä	of copper coins across the cobblestones and the ä	children scramble to retrieve them. This creates ä	enough room to allow Zinair to open the cage door and ä	the three of you to step out. After agreeing to ä	return here to the skyship no later than sunset, you ä	split up and go in search of your chosen ä	destinations.

	Unlike the urchins, the adult population of Mydnight ä	appear less than fascinated by the imposing sight of ä	the ÈStarstriderÈ hovering above their city. Few pay it ä	a second glance, yet this seeming lack of interest ä	does not surprise you. For centuries this port has ä	been a refuge for exiles from the many nations of ä	Magnamund who, for their own individual reasons, have ä	chosen to forsake their native lands. They are, by ä	nature, a secretive community. Any overt interest in ä	the affairs of another is most often viewed with ä	suspicion and distrust. 
	You retrace the route you took last night and soon ä	find yourself at the harbour. ÈThe AzaktanaÈ is still ä	moored at the quayside and you give the crew a ä	friendly wave as you stride across the quayside
	and enter a wide avenue that leads to the Hall of the ä	Judicars. 

	By the lowly standards of the city, this hall could ä	almost be considered grand in comparison to the ä	neighbouring hovels. You pass beneath its faáade of ä	mouldering marble and walk through a stone archway ä	that leads to a gloomy, torchlit interior. Here you ä	discover over a hundred men and women standing ä	patiently in two separate queues. One line ends at an ä	open window where a clerk is busily exchanging gold ä	and silver coins for linen Torqs, the woven currency ä	that is used here on Sheasu. The other queue ends at ä	a marble-topped desk where a man in the uniform of a ä	Reeve-sergeant is listening with bored indifference ä	to a citizen who is reporting a theft of a goat.
	

	If you wish to join the queue for the Reeve-sergeant, ä	turn to  ‚127‚

	If you choose to stand in line for the Clerk of the ä	Hall, turn to  ‚334‚
	
