>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â323â

	While the horses are drinking, you laugh with Karvas Š	when you recall the startled faces of the militiamen Š	as you galloped through their dithering ranks at Š	Bakhasa's east gate, and you take the opportunity to Š	give him the sword and belt that you took from the Š	sleeping guard at the Tehda stables. He smiles as he Š	buckles it on his hip and then he unsheathes the Š	blade to gauge its weight and balance. "Not the best Š	steel I've ever handled," he muses, "but better than Š	no steel at all. I'm indebted to you, Grand Master."

	It is an hour past midnight and the passing of Š	another day rekindles thoughts of the road ahead. Š	With only nineteen days to Harvestmas, the city of Š	Seroa still seems a very long way away. But you draw Š	some comfort from the fact that you now have two fine Š	stallions. They are sure to make the long road seem Š	far shorter. You are admiring them when suddenly they Š	stop drinking and become agitated. You scan the Š	surrounding trees yet you detect nothing untoward. Š	Then you hear the sound of approaching hoofbeats and Š	you curse yourself for being complacent. "I should Š	have known they would not let us get away with two Š	horses as fine as these," you say, as hurriedly you Š	and Karvas climb back into the saddle. You urge your Š	horses across the ford and, as you take to the trail Š	beyond, you look over your shoulder to see half a Š	dozen armed Bakhasians come galloping along the trail Š	towards the stream. They are led by a warrior who is Š	sheathed from head to toe in shiny black armour and Š	he holds a metal staff raised in his gauntletted Š	hand. Beyond the stream the trail narrows as it Š	ascends into the forested hills. As you reach the Š	crest of a ridge, you glance back to see that your Š	pursuers are gaining on you. The leader aims his Š	staff and a ball of flame hurtles from its tip to Š	come streaking between you and the prince. This fiery Š	missile fails to strike its target, but the heat and Š	noise of its passing startles Karvas's horse. The Š	prince controls his mount with admirable skill, yet Š	in so doing he loses speed and is soon left trailing Š	over a hundred yards behind. You wave to him, urging Š	him frantically to catch up, and he signals to you to Š	ride on. When you turn to look at the trail ahead, Š	you are shocked to see that it is now blocked by a Š	burning tree. The fiery missile has struck and felled Š	a pine and ignited its inflammable sap. As you gallop Š	towards this blazing trunk, your heart sinks when see Š	that it blocks the narrow trail: there is no clear Š	way around it.
	

	If you wish to attempt to jump your horse over this Š	blazing pine trunk, turn to  â204â

	If you decide to rein in your horse and turn to face Š	your pursuers, turn to  â60â  
