>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â33â

	You tug on the reins and swivel in the saddle to Š	avoid the onrushing shaft. Your speedy reactions save Š	you from being struck in the body, yet the arrow Š	tears a strip of skin and muscle from your shoulder Š	before it shatters into the ground: lose 3 ENDURANCE Š	points.

	Karvas leaps onto his horse and you toss him the Š	reins. With a cry of elation, you wheel your stallion Š	about and spur him towards an avenue on the west side Š	of the square. You and the prince gallop side-by-side Š	along this broad thoroughfare as fast as your horses Š	will carry you, trampling any Bakhasian who is Š	foolish enough to stand in your way. The road leads Š	directly to the city's east gate where a bell is Š	tolling loudly. A crowd of militiamen have gathered Š	at the gate, summoned from their beds by the alarm, Š	but they are without their officer and in the chaos Š	and confusion they have forgotten to close the gate. Š	They scatter in all directions as you thunder along Š	the avenue towards them and you are able to escape Š	through the open archway without challenge. 

	Whooping with excitement, you race away from Bakhasa Š	along a dusty trail that heads towards the foothills Š	of the Dammerdon Mountains. You glance to your side Š	and see Prince Karvas punch the air victoriously.
	Clearly he is as excited by this daring escape as you Š	are, for there is a grin fixed to his sweat-streaked Š	face that stretches from ear to ear.

	Your strong Bhanarian stallions carry you swiftly Š	into the foothills and never once do they falter in Š	their stride nor slacken their impressive pace. Only Š	when you can no longer see the lights of Bakhasa do Š	you let them slow to a canter. For more than an hour Š	you travel the trail as it meanders through pine-Š	covered hills and shallow valleys. The night sky is Š	clear and the way ahead is illuminated by bright Š	starlight. When you come to a shallow ford across a Š	fast-flowing stream, you stop here awhile to let your Š	horses drink their fill.

	Unless you possess the discipline of Grand Hunt-Š	mastery, you must now eat a Meal or lose 3 ENDURANCE Š	points.


	To continue, turn to  â323â
