>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â34â      

	You break the bad news to Karvas and he explodes with Š	rage. Immediately he kicks back his chair and Š	unsheathes his sword. "You, there, skulking in the Š	shadows" he bellows, pointing with his sword at the Š	Cavalians on the far side of the taproom. "You're the Š	cowards who murdered Baron Jayde. Step out of the Š	shadows and face your accuser, if you dare!" 

	The Cavalians laugh and sneer at Prince Karvas's Š	accusation. "Watch your tongue, journeyman," retorts Š	their leader, a scar-faced sergeant with a shaved Š	head. "We Siyenese don't take kindly to Northland Š	troublemakers." Another of the group calls out to the Š	tavern-keeper, demanding that he come and throw you Š	out. Sheepishly the tavern-keeper approaches and he Š	asks that you both leave. You sense that he has no Š	liking for the Cavalians, but Karvas's outburst has Š	unsettled his other guests, some of whom are already Š	hurrying out of the door.

	You take hold of the prince's arm and pull him along Š	as you move towards the tavern door. The Cavalians Š	fix you with murderous stares as you leave, but they Š	do not attempt to follow you. Once you are outside, Š	you hurry across to the stables to fetch your horses. Š	You are about to enter when suddenly you notice the Š	body of a young boy lying partially buried beneath a Š	heap of straw. By the colour and cut of his clothing, Š	you recognise the body to be that of the stable boy Š	who took charge of your horses when you first arrived Š	here. Swiftly you unsheathe your Kai Weapon as you Š	enter the stables. Your caution is justified, for as Š	soon as you pass through the stable door, you are Š	attacked by six Cavalian bandits who have been lying Š	in wait for you and Karvas to appear.

	                 Cavalian Bandits
	         COMBAT SKILL  40   ENDURANCE  36

	You may add â5â to your COMBAT SKILL for the duration Š	of this combat, for Prince Karvas is helping you to Š	fight these murdering bandits.


	If you win the combat in 3 rounds or less, turn to  Š	â215â

	If it takes you 4 (or more) rounds to win this Š	combat, turn to  â103â

