>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â340â

	You are woken at daybreak by the rattling sound of Š	heavy chains and the mechanical thumping and buzzing Š	of a steam-driven saw mill. The fearful noise is Š	almost deafening, yet it fails to awaken Karvas who Š	is sleeping deeply after yesterday's tiring trek. You Š	let him sleep on for another hour before you are Š	forced to awaken him. A trio of rugged timber workers Š	have arrived in an ox-drawn wagon to collect logs for Š	transportation to the river barges. Unfortunately, Š	they have decided to take the logs behind which you Š	are hiding. As they busy themselves fixing hooks and Š	chains, you and Karvas slip aboard their wagon and Š	cover yourselves with a tarpaulin. Once the loading Š	is complete, the men take their seats at the front of Š	the wagon and set off for the river. 
	
	Through a rent in the oily canvas sheet you watch the Š	drab houses and streets of Bakhasa filing past. The Š	wagon slows as it approaches the city's main bridge, Š	and then it comes to an unexpected halt. A black-clad Š	guardsman appears and you hear him say to the driver Š	that he wants to inspect his cargo. The driver argues Š	with the guard, insisting that he be allowed to Š	continue on his way. Fearing that you may be detected Š	if the guard prevails, you and Karvas slip away from Š	the wagon and hurry into the ruins of a warehouse Š	closeby. 

	From the cover of this derelict warehouse you watch Š	the soldiers and citizens of Bakhasa going about Š	their daily business. Only twenty days remain before Š	Harvestmas, and as the hours tick by you become Š	uncomfortably aware that time is running out. With Š	twelve hundred miles yet to cover you know that the Š	success or failure of your mission now hinges on your Š	being able to find some sturdy horses. Throughout the Š	long day you observe the traffic of people who are Š	using the surrounding streets, yet rarely do you see Š	any on horseback.

	On the north side of the warehouse there stands a Š	domed building with an adjoining belltower. As dusk Š	approaches, you propose to Karvas that you should try Š	to reach the top of this tower. Using your keen sight Š	you will get a better view of the city from there Š	and, with luck, you may be able to locate the nearest Š	stables. The prince agrees to your plan. He will Š	remain here in the warehouse while you attempt to Š	gain access to the belltower. Night is closing, and Š	as you wait for the streets to empty, you study the Š	building opposite and determine two ways by which you Š	may enter its tower: by a side door at street level, Š	or by an open window in the second storey of the Š	tower.


	If you wish to try to enter the building by the side Š	door, turn to  â154â

	If you choose instead to attempt to climb the tower Š	wall and enter through the open window, turn to  â271â

