>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰347‰      

	The blacksmith pockets your bribe and bids you follow ä	him to a smaller room at the rear of his workshop. In ä	the quiet privacy of this adjoining room he tells you
	all he knows about Prince Karvas of Siyen.

	"The Prince don't live here in Mydnight," he says. ä	"He did once, when he first came to Sheasu...that be ä	ten years ago now. Then this woman arrived and they ä	got wed. He took her up-country. They live up there ä	on the north coast somewhere. They rarely visits ä	Mydnight these days. Fact is, I havn't seen them for ä	more than a year."

	You thank the blacksmith for the information and ä	leave his workshop. On returning to the quayside you ä	resolve to explore the tangle of alleyways that make ä	up the city's eastern quarter in the hope of finding ä	someone else who is willing to tell or sell what they ä	know about the prince. Unfortunately, your efforts ä	garner no further information. As the sun begins to ä	settle on the horizon, you finally abandon your ä	search and hurry back through the darkening ä	passageways towards the market square.         
	
	Wizard Acraban and Lord Zinair are already waiting ä	aboard the ÈStarstriderÈ by the time you reach the ä	square. The magician orders the boarding cage to be ä	lowered and you are winched up to the skyship. 
	Both are anxious to hear your news of Prince Karvas's ä	whereabouts for their own enquiries have yielded ä	little useful information. You inform them of what ä	you have learned - that the prince has a wife and ä	they are living somewhere on the island's northern ä	coastline. Lord Zinair has discovered that Amarelda ä	is the name of Karvas's wife, and Acraban has learned ä	that they last visited Mydnight exactly a year ago.
	
	"You have done well, Grand Master," says Lord Zinair. ä	"The citizens of this city are a secretive breed, yet ä	you may have prised enough from them to help us find ä	our reclusive Siyenese prince." Turning to Acraban, ä	he says: "I propose we travel north at first light ä	and commence a search of the northern shoreline. It ä	will be easier to espy his retreat from the air than ä	to attempt a search by land." 

	Acraban nods in agreement and passes word to his ä	young crewmen to prepare the ÈStarstriderÈ for a voyage ä	north at first light.


	Turn to  ‚187‚
