>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â35â

	The rolling plain to the west of Bakhasa is a bleak Š	and barren steppe, devoid of flora yet studded with Š	countless thousands of sawn-off tree stumps. Once Š	this region was part of the great forest of Š	Kelderwood, but in recent times the ruler of Bhanar, Š	Autarch Sejanoz, has commanded the Bakhasians to Š	harvest the forest's valuable hardwood and dispatch Š	it downstream to feed the insatiable needs of the Š	imperial shipyards of Otavai. Travelling on foot, the Š	stumps do not obstruct your progress and you are able Š	to press on until late in the afternoon. As you are Š	cresting a ridge of high ground, you spot a troop of Š	horsemen escorting a line of wagons laden with Š	timber. They are less than a mile distant and they Š	appear to be heading towards a settlement on the Š	banks of the River Tehda. You wait and watch them Š	until they are dots on the horizon before continuing Š	your trek towards the city of Bakhasa.
	
	You are within twenty miles of Bakhasa when dusk Š	begins to darken the gloomy sky. Karvas requests that Š	you stop to rest awhile before making a final push Š	for the city. You are feeling hungry after your long Š	day's march and you readily agree. (Unless you Š	possess the discipline of Grand Huntmastery, you must Š	now eat a Meal or lose 3 ENDURANCE points.) You are Š	about to resume your trek when your Kai sixth sense Š	alerts you to the sound of approaching horses and Š	wagons. You are scanning the surrounding hills when Š	suddenly a dozen riders appear from behind a ridge to Š	the north. They are escorting two wagons filled with Š	sleepy timber workers returning to their settlement Š	after a day's labour. You signal to Karvas to hide Š	himself as they approach along a cleared trail which Š	passes within twenty yards of your position. The Š	horsemen canter past ahead of the wagons, but one of Š	the riders who is following behind suddenly leaves Š	the track and steers his horse through the stumps Š	towards your position. Fearing that you may have been Š	spotted, you signal to Prince Karvas to split up and Š	find a new hiding place. Silently you watch as the Š	horseman is slowed to a halt by a dense cluster of Š	tree stumps. He dismounts and abandons his mare in Š	order to continue his search on foot. He draws his Š	sword as he passes close to where you are hiding, but Š	he does not see you. As he moves away, you see that Š	his horse does not follow. She stays to crop some Š	sickly weeds at the base of a tree stump barely ten Š	yards from where you are lying. Hanging from her Š	saddle is a bulging leather satchel, an axe, and a Š	coil of rope.


	If you wish to attempt to look inside the horse's Š	saddlebag, turn to  â145â

	If you decide to remain hidden among the tree stumps, Š	turn to  â287â