>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!----------------------------R
		â36â      

	The Marshal of the Guard orders his men to confiscate Š	all of your weapons and equipment. Then he marches you Š	and Karvas under close escort to the cells below the Š	main hall, where you are shackled to the wall in Š	irons. Karvas is shocked by this brutal treatment and Š	he cannot fathom a reason why Lodamos would treat you Š	both this way. 
	
	An hour passes before the door to the cell is thrown Š	open and in strides Baron Lodamos, escorted by a Š	bodyguard of his toughest men at arms. Prince Karvas Š	pleads for your immediate release, but his pleas fall Š	on deaf ears.
	"Do you not recognise me, my lord?" he asks. "Do you Š	not remember the days we spent hunting wild boar in Š	the Ioma Forest?"
	"The resemblance is uncanny, I grant you that," Š	replies Lodamos, "but you are another impostor, Š	another of Sadanzo's sorcerous creations sent here to Š	assassinate me."
	The Baron holds up the Stone Dagger that was found in Š	your backpack. 
	
	"You have a persuasive tongue," he says, "but here I Š	hold proof that you are assassins. This evil blade is Š	the instrument with which you intended to slay me. Š	See, it is already stained with the blood of those you Š	have slain before. No goodly men would carry such a Š	weapon for their own defence."
	
	Desperately you try to explain how the Stone Dagger Š	came into your possession, how you discovered it in Š	the hut in the Dammerdon Mountains. Unfortunately your Š	hurried explanation does little to help. Baron Lodamos Š	has already made up his mind that you are assassins in Š	the pay of Baron Sadanzo, sent here to murder him, and Š	he will not be convinced otherwise.
	
	The Baron turns to the sergeant of his bodyguard and Š	orders him to have his men prepare their weapons. A Š	cold shiver runs down your spine when you see that Š	these men at arms are equipped with crossbows that are Š	cocked and loaded ready to fire. The sergeant gives Š	the order. The guards raise their bows and take aim. Š	Prince Karvas begs the Baron to reconsider but it is Š	now too late. Lodamos hurls the Stone Dagger to the Š	floor, smashing it to pieces, and then he spins on his Š	heel and strides out of the cell without looking back. Š	With a grunt, his sergeant gives the order to fire and Š	his men release their volley of deadly missiles. Death Š	is mercifully swift.

	Tragically, your life and your mission end here in the Š	dungeons of the Varedo Citadel.
