>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰1‰      

	"You will understand that your mission must be ä	conducted with the utmost secrecy to ensure its ä	success," says Lone Wolf, fixing you with his steely ä	gaze. You nod your head in acknowledgement and watch ä	with growing anticipation as the Supreme Master of ä	the Kai rises from his throne and moves silently ä	across the polished stone floor of his magnificent ä	vault. From a concealed safe in the granite wall he ä	removes a seemingly plain leather satchel which he ä	unbuckles and holds open, inviting your inspection. ä	Nestled within lies the legendary Moonstone, ä	surrounded by a shimmering halo of golden light. 
	"The inner lining of this bag is woven from strands ä	of fine-spun korlinium," says Lone Wolf, as carefully ä	he buckles the satchel's leather flap. 
	"The mineral will hide the Moonstone's powerful ä	energies, especially from those who have no need to ä	rely solely upon their eyesight to detect its power." 
	He offers you the satchel and you accept it with ä	trembling hands. Yet the moment you touch the bag you ä	feel all your anxieties suddenly vanish and the ä	natural air of calm confidence, for which you are ä	noted among your brother Kai, swiftly returns. ä	(Record the Moonstone on your ÈAction ChartÈ as a ä	Special Item. You carry it slung over your shoulder ä	in its leather satchel.)

	Lone Wolf informs you that you are to journey 2,000 ä	miles to Elzian - the principle city of the jungle ä	realm of Dessi. There you are seek out Lord Rimoah at ä	the Tower of Truth. He will assist your onward ä	passage to the Isle of Lorn. In the interests of ä	secrecy, Rimoah is the only other person who knows ä	about your mission. Lone Wolf has arranged for you to ä	travel aboard a Sommlending trading ship, sailing out ä	of Holmgard for Bisutan by way of Barrakeesh. You ä	will be met in Barrakeesh by Lord-lieutenant Fernant, ä	the Sommlending envoy to Vassagonia, who will join ä	you on the voyage to Bisutan where his rank and ä	reputation will help speed the final leg of your ä	journey to Elzian. To allay suspicion you will travel ä	in the guise of a Kai journeyman. At the same time as ä	you embark upon your long voyage south, so Lone Wolf ä	will leave the monastery aboard the skyship ÈCloud ä	DancerÈ and journey to distant Lencia, far to the west ä	of Magnamund. He shall carry with him a replica of ä	the Moonstone so that he may command the full ä	attention of any who would seek to thwart your true ä	quest.

	Upon concluding your briefing, Lone Wolf orders you ä	to go to your quarters and rest. You are to return to ä	the vault at midnight in full readiness to begin the ä	mission. 

	Turn to  ‚235‚