>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰100‰      

	The ÈDesert JewelÈ approaches Bisutan harbour late in ä	the afternoon. The city itself is located upon an ä	island in the estuary of the River Khorda and is ä	linked to the mainland by two great stone bridges. ä	You admire these wondrous spans from afar as the ship ä	takes its place in a line of vessels that are waiting ä	to dock at the crowded quayside. The magnificent ä	harbour is full of people who have come here from the ä	four corners of Magnamund to trade their wares. ä	Travellers, merchants, farmers, priests, and slaves ä	are just a few of the people you observe when finally ä	the ÈDesert JewelÈ is allowed to dock at the harbour ä	wall. 
	
	Kol's trading partners are already waiting on the ä	quayside to meet the ship. They are anxious to do ä	business with him, but the battered state of the ship ä	following yesterday's storm does little to inspire ä	their confidence. The moment the gangplank is ä	lowered, they come rushing aboard to inspect the ä	timber in the hold. Kol bids you a hurried farewell ä	as he and he and his crew thank you once more for ä	saving their lives and their livelihoods. You ä	disembark and push your way through the busy harbour ä	square and enter a broad avenue which leads to the ä	heart of this teeming city. At a place called ä	Dhanamet Square you happen upon an evening bazaar. ä	You are mindful of your need to find lodging for the ä	night and some means by which you will be able to ä	continue your journey to Elzian. As you stop to look ä	at the market and the faáades of the shops and ä	taverns which border upon it, your eye is caught by ä	the gaily-decorated merchant's stalls and the exotic ä	wares displayed upon them.


	If you wish to take a closer look at the market ä	stalls, turn to  ‚7‚

	If you choose instead to try and find a place to stay        ä	for the night, turn to  ‚236‚
