>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä104ä      

	Oriah returns to her cabin to rest whilst you stay on Š	deck and help tend the wounded crewmen. Using your Š	Kai curing skills, you do what you can to ease their Š	pain and repair their battle wounds. To your great Š	surprise, many of the injured men's wounds heal at a Š	remarkable speed. In fact some recover so quickly Š	that you acquire something of a reputation among them Š	as a miracle worker. Secretly, though, you suspect Š	that it is the presence of the Moonstone that is the Š	real reason for their miraculous return to good Š	health.

	It is shortly before dusk when Captain Raker brings Š	his damaged ship limping into the harbour of Cape Š	Kabar, and moors her alongside its red-stoned quay. Š	Leaving Paoll in charge, he goes ashore to seek out Š	his shipwright friend, Kimpil, at the harbour Š	shipyard. Shortly he returns with a wizened old man Š	and together they inspect the damaged hull.

	"It's goin' to take a month to fix 'er right," says Š	the Captain on his return. "Kimpil says her keel's Š	damaged and she'll have to go into dry-dock. It's Š	goin' to be a long job."

	After talking with Raker and the others, you decide Š	that you cannot stay here for a month while the ship Š	is being repaired. Oriah, too, is anxious to leave Š	for she fears that Cape Kabar is the first place Š	Sesketera will look for her when he hears of his Š	brother's death. Oriah has friends in Bisutan whom Š	she trusts and she suggests that you travel there Š	together. She is confident that her friends can help Š	you to reach Elzian quickly and safely. 

	In addition to Oriah, you also agree to take with you Š	the three surviving marines - Ernan, Sligh, and Š	Oswin. Ernan has visited Cape Kabar once before and Š	he knows the route south to Bisutan. He also knows of Š	some stables on the far side of the town where the Š	five of you could acquire some horses. You agree that Š	it would be worth a visit.
	
	Before you bid farewell to Raker and his crew, you Š	share one last meal with them. (Unless you possess Š	Grand Huntmastery you must now eat a Meal or lose 3 Š	ENDURANCE points).


	To continue, turn to  â181â
