>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰126‰      

	Abruptly you turn around and race back across the ä	square towards the market bazaar. The crowd scream ä	and scatter as you approach them, for they can see ä	that the slaver's henchmen are giving chase and they ä	are terrified at the prospect of being dragged into a ä	bloody màläe when finally they catch up with you. ä	Then suddenly, through this chaotic tangle of running ä	people, appear Ernan, Sligh and Oswin mounted upon ä	their steeds, and with yours and Oriah's horses in ä	tow. News of what has happened at the slave market ä	has spread like wildfire through the rest of Kilij ä	and, upon hearing these reports, the marines have ä	rushed here as quickly as they could.

	"Come Grand Master!" shouts Oswin, and he throws you ä	the rope that is now attached to your steed's head, ä	"we must flee this town at once!"
	
	You leap onto the folded blanket which is tied to ä	your horse's back, take hold of the rope reins in ä	both hands, and dig your heels into his flanks to ä	urge him to the gallop. Two of the slaver's henchmen ä	rush to block your escape but they are trampled into ä	the dust as your horse bolts away. You race towards a ä	tree-lined avenue on the south side of the square ä	with your three companions galloping close behind. As ä	you enter this thoroughfare, you see one of the ä	slaver's men come darting from out of the crowd.
	He is armed with a bow, and as you gallop past him, ä	he draws an arrow to his lips and takes careful aim ä	at your head.

	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ. If you ä	possess Assimilance, add ‚3‚ to the number you have ä	chosen. If your current ENDURANCE score is ‚20‚ or 
	lower, deduct ‚2‚ from the number you have picked.


	If your total score is now  ‚2‚ or lower, turn to  ‚238‚

	If it is  ‚3‚ - ‚6‚, turn to  ‚84‚

	If it is  ‚7‚ or higher, turn to  ‚284‚


