>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!-------------------------------R
		ä129ä      

	You stare across the ocean at the banks of angry clouds Š	which are growing larger and darker with every passing Š	minute. You sense that within them are tremendous natural Š	forces that are building up at a dangerous rate. You feel Š	certain that the presence of the Moonstone is partially Š	responsible for this, although	these waters are notorious Š	for their sudden and violent sea storms. 

	Gradually the temperature drops and the gentle undulation Š	of the waves grows fiercer. The wind becomes a gale and Š	the azure sky grows darker and darker, until the sun is Š	lost from view and the ship is shrouded by a deep grey Š	twilight. Soon lightning is the only source of Š	illumination. It tears the roiling clouds and transforms Š	the sea into an angry beast that lashes and batters the Š	ship with a supernatural fury. Then the darkness is Š	obliterated by a great curtain of white fire. Tongues of Š	flame lance down, boiling the sea where they strike the Š	surface and sending up great clouds of steam in their Š	wake. Miraculously these terrifying bolts of power miss Š	the ship, but soon they are rivalled in their ferocity by Š	another terrifying force that is battling to free itself Š	from this hellish storm. 
	
	A hundred balls of dancing fire fall from the clouds like Š	a shower of blazing meteors. One such meteor strikes the Š	helmsman who is struggling with the ship's wheel, and it Š	engulfs him. For a few dreadful moments his head and Š	chest are contained within a roaring yellow orb, then the Š	burning ball is caught by the wind and it spins away into Š	the darkness. The crew scream with terror when they look Š	upon their comrade, for his upper body has been Š	transformed into a blackened and fleshless skull that Š	perches precariously upon a hollow, smoking rib-cage.

	Panic grips the Vassagonian sailors. They abandon their Š	posts and rush to seek shelter below decks in the crowded Š	cargo hold. You are trying to rally them when suddenly a Š	ball of flame drops from the raging skies and comes Š	hurtling down towards your head.


	If you possess the Grand Master discipline of Š	Elementalism, turn to  â197â

	If you do not possess this skill, turn to  â51â
