>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰141‰      

	You recite the words of the Brotherhood spell - ä	ÈLightning HandÈ - and cast a bolt of energy at the ä	leader. It strikes the bird's wing and breaks the ä	bone, causing the creature to spiral out of control. 
	Yranai cheers but his triumphant cry is premature. ä	You watch aghast as the itikar collides with the ä	balloon and stabs its talons into the canopy. In its ä	desperation to survive, it shreds the cloth to ä	ribbons before it falls away and plummets to its doom ä	in the timberlands below.

	The impact of the bird hitting the canopy knocks you ä	off your feet. Yranai falls on top of you and, for a ä	few nerve-racking seconds, you lie entangled at the ä	bottom of the basket. You can feel the balloon is ä	rapidly losing altitude. When you pull yourself up ä	and peer over the rim of the basket you see the trees ä	of the lower mountain slopes rising towards you at a ä	dizzying speed. Yranai looks up to see shreds of ä	cloth trailing from the punctured canopy above and ä	the sight is too much for him: he faints. Hurriedly ä	you haul his frail body over your shoulder. Then you ä	place one foot on the rim of the basket and get ready ä	to make a desperate leap away from this doomed ä	balloon as the tops of the mountain pines come into ä	view.

	With the old magician draped over your shoulder, you ä	leap from the basket and plummet towards the ground. ä	As you fall, you utter the words of the Brotherhood ä	spell - ÈLevitationÈ - and instantly the spell enables 
	you to control the speed of your descent towards the ä	trees below. You see the balloon smash into the ä	timberland and you brace yourself in readiness for ä	the moment when your feet touch the ground. 
	
	Unfortunately, when you cast ÈLevitationÈ in mid-air, ä	you did not anticipate that the increased weight of ä	Yranai would have any effect on your control of the ä	spell. It is not until you are within twenty feet of ä	the ground that you realise that you are coming down ä	too fast. You attempt to compensate but it is too ä	late and you strike the rocky soil with a tremendous ä	jolt that knocks you unconscious.


	Turn to  ‚341‚
