>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä146ä      

	You ride all night along the empty coast road and Š	make good progress. Shortly after dawn you pass a Š	stone signpost pointing to the south. Carved into its Š	surface is the following message written in ancient Š	Vassagonian script: Bir Rabalou - 160 miles.
	
	Beyond this sign the coast road ascends into an Š	expanse of arid hill country which is populated by Š	herds of wild goats. Occasionally to the east you Š	glimpse the ocean beyond the barren hills, while to Š	the west you can see a range of distant mountains, Š	their snowy peaks glistening starkly white beneath Š	the fierce desert sun. Shortly before noon you happen Š	upon the town of Kilij which lies in a narrow pass Š	between two steep hillsides. Oriah and the marines Š	are tired and sore after the long night ride and they Š	urge you to stop here so that they might eat and rest Š	awhile. Together you ride into the town's busy market Š	square and dismount at a stone water trough where you Š	allow your horses to drink their fill. Around you the Š	mood of the townspeople is friendly as they barter Š	and trade their wares. A young boy offers to look Š	after your horses while you visit the market. Š	Initially you are suspicious of his motives until Š	your sixth sense confirms that he is an honest lad, Š	and one worthy of your trust. Oriah gives him a Gold Š	Crown and his face beams with joy - he'll be able to Š	eat well this week! 

	The marines want to explore the market's bazaar in Š	the hope of finding some blankets and rope with which Š	they can improvise saddles and reins for the horses. Š	Oriah is intrigued by the sheer number of people who Š	fill Kilij's market square and she wants to find out Š	what has drawn such a large crowd to this remote Š	town. You, too, are curious and you agree to Š	accompany her. After arranging to meet the marines at Š	the horse trough in one hour's time, you follow Oriah Š	as she pushes her way through the teeming crowd. When Š	finally you reach the centre of the market place you Š	are confronted by an unexpected and shocking sight.
	
	Turn to â31â                       
