>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰150‰      

	Fernant's servant returns to the room with a ä	beautiful young woman by his side. She is dressed in ä	the simple brown robes of a peasant girl, yet her ä	long black tresses and smooth olive complexion ä	indicate that she is of high-born ancestry. For a ä	moment she holds you with her deep brown eyes and you ä	sense at once that she is as intelligent as she is  ä	beautiful. 
	
	"This is Oriah," says Fernant, rising from his seat. 
	"Welcome my dear. You are among friends here." The ä	young woman offers him her elegant hand and he kisses ä	it lightly before turning to face you. "I have ä	promised her safe passage to Bisutan aboard the ÈPride ä	of SommerlundÈ. I trust you do not object ?" he says. ä	At first you are wary of permitting a stranger to ä	join the ship. She is a very attractive young woman, ä	and her company would certainly be appreciated during ä	the long voyage south, but the agents of Naar have ä	been known to adopt many guises to further their evil ä	aims. Fernant, sensing your reticence, attempts to ä	persuade you by explaining the predicament in which ä	Oriah has been placed through no fault of her own.

	You learn that Oriah is the daughter of Khazullo - ä	the Funtal of Fio Fadali - a rich, powerful, and very ä	ruthless man. He has pledged his daughter's hand in ä	marriage to Sesketera, the ruler of the city-state of ä	Ghol-Tabras in northern Shadaki. Sesketera is a cruel ä	and brutal suitor, and Oriah will be sure to spend ä	the rest of her life as little more than his slave if ä	the marriage takes place as her father has planned. ä	Her father is deaf to her wishes; his only concern is ä	for the political union of the two cities. His ä	daughter's happiness means nothing to him when ä	compared to the riches and power he will gain from a ä	marriage to the House of Sesketera. 
	
	Oriah has run away from her father's palace in Fio ä	Fadali and she has sought refuge in Barrakeesh. But ä	agents in the employ of her father and Sesketera, ä	have traced her to the capital and now she must flee ä	once more. Fernant, moved by the plight of this brave ä	young woman, has pledged to help her reach Bisutan ä	where trusted friends will smuggle her to safety in ä	neighbouring Kakush. 
	
	After having heard her story and satisfied yourself ä	that she poses no threat to your mission, you agree ä	to allow her to travel with you to Bisutan aboard the ä	ÈPride of SommerlundÈ. Oriah and Fernant thank you for ä	your compassion, and the Lord-lieutenant suggests ä	that perhaps it is time to retire for the night. He ä	has his servant take Oriah to an adjoining chamber, ä	and he offers you the use of a room upstairs. It is a ä	very warm and humid night and you decide that perhaps ä	it would be more comfortable if you were to sleep ä	outside on the roof. Fernant has his servant bring ä	you a mattress upon which you settle down to sleep ä	under the desert stars.
	
	
	If you possess the discipline of Astrology, turn to  ä	‚133‚
	
	If you do not possess this skill, turn to  ‚327‚  
