>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰156‰      

	The road becomes increasingly tortuous as it ä	traverses the central reaches of the Koneshi ä	Mountains. Long winding climbs around precipitous ä	cliffs are followed by steep descents into wooded ä	ravines which test your nerve and your horsemanship ä	to the full. Among the trunks of the blond ä	Vassagonian mountain pines which border this route ä	you glimpse the feral eyes of hungry timber wolves. ä	Their howling disturbs the horses and you are forced ä	to use your Kai skills throughout this difficult ä	crossing to keep all four of the steeds calm and ä	controllable.

	It is a little after mid-day when you hear the rumble ä	of thunder echoing through the surrounding peaks. You ä	suspect a storm must be approaching, yet the sky ä	above is clear and your keen senses detect no winds ä	nor any change in atmospheric pressures. Later, as ä	the trail passes around a steep cliff-face, you see ä	the cause of the rumbling: ahead the narrow trail is ä	blocked by a landslide. The dust has settled and, ä	when you magnify your vision, you think you can see a ä	way to cross the mound of broken rocks. You tell the ä	marines to wait for you while you go ahead to check ä	if it is safe for you all to proceed. You are picking ä	your way cautiously across the rockfall when suddenly ä	a loud roar fills your ears and you look up to see a ä	thousand tons of loose shale come tumbling down the ä	mountainside. It is too narrow to turn your horse ä	about and so you dig your heels into his flanks and ä	urge him forwards. To your horror, he panics and
	rears up on his hind legs in an attempt to throw you ä	off his back.

	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ. If you ä	possess the Grand Master discipline of Animal ä	Mastery, add ‚3‚ to the number you have chosen.


	If your total score is now  ‚0‚ - ‚1‚, turn to  ‚276‚

	If it is  ‚2‚ - ‚6‚, turn to  ‚29‚

	If it is  ‚7‚ or higher, turn to  ‚86‚

