>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä163ä      

	Consciousness returns through a kaleidescopic swirl Š	of colour and pain (lose 8 ENDURANCE points). Bruised Š	and aching, you pull yourself into a sitting position Š	and see the wreckage of the balloon hanging among the Š	trees and scattered across the rocks nearby. A few Š	feet away lies Yranai; he is still unconscious and Š	you see at once that his left leg is badly broken.
	Gingerly you pull yourself over to his side and you Š	are about to examine his injured leg when you hear Š	voices calling you from among the trees. Three Š	Vakaros natives appear from out of the pines and come Š	hurrying over the rocks towards you. You examine the Š	old magician and discover that he has stopped Š	breathing: he is near to death. It is only through Š	the use of your Kai curing skills that you are able Š	to make him breath again and bring him back from the Š	edge of the abyss. You set his fractured leg but, Š	despite your best efforts, you cannot return him to Š	consciousness.
	
	The three Vakeros tell you that they know Yranai and Š	they offer to take care of him. They construct a Š	makeshift stretcher from their coats and carry him to Š	their settlement which is less than a mile distant. Š	You stay here this night and use your healing skills 
	to save the old man's leg before you eventually Š	settle down to a few hours sleep. At dawn you awake Š	to find him still unconscious. You are anxious to Š	continue your journey, and yet you feel compelled to Š	help Yranai regain his health. You talk with the Š	Vakeros and tell them that you must leave and they Š	assure you that Yranai is safe with them. They Š	promise to take good care of him. They also offer to Š	give you one of their sturdy mountain horses, an old Š	mare called Jhani, to help speed your journey Š	southwards. Gratefully you accept their generous Š	offer and then you bid them farewell before you leave Š	their settlement by way of a mountain track.

	It is around noon of the following day when the track Š	finally emerges from the foothills of the Great Š	Masourn mountains and joins the coast road some Š	thirty miles from Hikas. In the distance you see a Š	village and you ride towards it. At first the Š	villagers seem as friendly and as peaceable as the Š	mountain dwellers who gave you your horse, but the Š	moment they see you approaching they immediately Š	freeze in their tracks. Some drop the items they are Š	carrying and others begin to tremble with fear. 


	If you wish to stop and talk to these anxious Š	natives, turn to  â171â
	
	If you decide to ignore them, you can continue riding Š	the road to Hikas by turning to  â273â
