>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰179‰      

	You wake early and take time to clean your weapons ä	and equipment before going downstairs to the taproom ä	at dawn to meet with Yranai. Together you leave the ä	tavern and pass through the town's east gate as a  ä	bell in a nearby tower clangs five times. For a mile ä	you walk along the caravan route to Hikas until you ä	come to a place where a fallen toa tree lies across a ä	ditch beside the road. Yranai stops here and points ä	to a gentle hill little more than half a mile ä	distant. "I'm sure she's behind that hummock," he ä	muses, and he sets off with you following patiently ä	behind.

	As you reach the top of the hill you see his flying ä	craft resting in a gully below. It is huge balloon ä	which is attached by steel cables to a basket that ä	lies on its side. A tangle of metal pipes and brass ä	cylinders hang suspended in a cradle under the ä	balloon, and several parts of this strange engine are ä	dented and scraped, indicating that Yranai must have ä	had a bumpy landing. On reaching the balloon, you ä	struggle to set the basket upright while Yranai fits ä	the repaired convexor. Minutes later, he turns a ä	valve and the engine sputters into life. After a few ä	bangs and wheezes it settles into a chugging rhythm, ä	and you both scramble to climb aboard as the balloon ä	rises and hoists the basket off the ground.

	ÈSimoomÈ ascends rapidly into the cloudless sky. Soon ä	you can see the town of Bavari spread out below you ä	like a detailed map, the southern Vassagonian ä	coastline with its inlets and villages, and to the ä	south the snowy peaks of the Great Masourn mountains. ä	Yranai tinkers with the engine and you feel the ä	balloon beginning to drift southwards, towards a gap ä	in the peaks of the great mountain range.


	If you possess Grand Huntmastery and Telegnosis, turn ä	to  ‚316‚

	If you do not possess both of these skills, turn 
	to ‚211‚
