>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä180ä      

	Young city children wave and cheer as the caravan Š	trundles out of Bisutan. Soon you cross the great Š	southern bridge, and when you look down at the Š	sparkling blue waters of the Khorda you see there a Š	flotilla of tiny fishing craft plying their trade. Š	For the first hour of the journey you content Š	yourself with the view and watch the lush scenery and Š	picturesque villages of the river basin pass before Š	your eyes, but when the caravan enters the Bavari Š	hills this pleasant landscape soon gives way to a Š	more mundane vista - a seemingly endless sea of Š	barren mounds and arid rocky outcrops. 

	After a while your attention turns to the other Š	passengers. They are a cheerful group of Vassagonians Š	who are returning to their homes in Bavari after Š	family visits and business in Bisutan. You pass the Š	time exchanging stories and playing cards. You learn Š	that this caravan is regularly used by the merchants Š	of Bavari and Hikas. They prefer to transport their Š	wares by road rather than risk the sea voyage through Š	the Bay of Sharks. Contrary to its name, you hear Š	that there are no longer any sharks in this bay; they Š	migrated to southern waters many centuries ago. One Š	of the passengers jokingly suggests that the reason Š	they left was because of the pirates. The bay is a Š	notorious haunt of buccaneer fleets and renegade Š	privateers.
	The surrounding country may be bleak and barren to Š	the eye, but the road is good and the territory is Š	safe. The merchants have established armed outposts Š	every twenty miles which help to deter bandits from Š	raiding the caravans en route. The first night is Š	spent at an outpost and the second night a camp is Š	struck at an oasis where the road is joined by a Š	track. This neglected track traverses the mountains Š	and leads to the Great Masourn Trail, an ancient Š	trade route. Many of your fellow travellers have been Š	looking forward to arriving at the oasis, for it Š	allows them the chance to visit Temujun the Sage - Š	the famous soothsayer of the Dry Main, and when the Š	caravan arrives there they hurriedly disembark. You Š	watch with fascination as roughly half of your Š	wagon's passengers scurry towards Temujun's tent, Š	which is pitched at the edge of a shimmering pool, Š	whilst the other half gather about a blazing camp Š	fire and share their food while they enjoy a Š	performance given by a troupe of troubadours. 


	If you wish to visit Temujun the Sage, turn to  â282â

	If you wish to go to the camp fire and watch the        Š	troubadours, turn to  â40â

	If you prefer to stay aboard the empty passenger Š	wagon, turn to  â185â
