>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰181‰      

	It is dark when you finally bid farewell to Captain ä	Raker and the crew of the ÈPride of SommerlundÈ. Ernan ä	leads your party through the warm, lantern-lit ä	streets of this fragrant coastal town and soon you ä	arrive at the Barczak Stables. This grand ä	establishment comprises a large single-storey ä	building with arched windows and a clay tiled roof, ä	surrounded by numerous orchards, paddocks and ä	porticoes. The estate is shrouded in darkness and ä	appears to be deserted, although your keen Kai senses ä	detect that there are people asleep somewhere inside ä	the main building.

	Next to the main gate stands a wooden notice board
	displaying a dozen sun-yellowed parchments.	A closer ä	inspection reveals them to be a hand-written roster ä	of all the horses that are for sale. You cannot help ä	but notice just how very expensive they are. If the ä	five of you were all to pool every Gold Crown you ä	possess, you would still not have enough to buy even ä	the cheapest horse on this list.

	In a paddock behind the main building you can see a ä	dozen horses quietly enjoying the warm night air. ä	Sligh points out that there is nobody around and he ä	suggests that it would be easy for you to help ä	yourselves to five of these fine steeds. 
	
	"I'm not a horse thief," you retort, "and I've no  ä	wish to rob these stables." 
	"I respect your honesty, my lord," says Sligh, "but ä	surely you don't want to have to walk all the way to ä	Bisutan ? I'm not saying we steal five horses, I'm ä	saying we just borrow them for a while. We can hire a ä	rider to bring them back just as soon as we reach ä	Bisutan." 

	You are not entirely convinced that Sligh is sincere, ä	yet reluctantly you agree to go along with his plan. 


	If you possess the discipline of Animal Mastery, turn ä	to  ‚267‚

	If you do not possess this skill, turn to  ‚325‚
