>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä189ä      

	Your horses lose speed as they labour the last few Š	hundred yards to the top of the ridge. Anxiously you Š	glance over your shoulder and see that the glow of Š	your pursuer's torches is getting brighter as Š	relentlessly they close the distance between you.  Š	Upon reaching the top of the ridge you are relieved Š	to see that the coast road now begins a long and Š	gentle descent through the hills, but when you coax Š	your tired steed to greater effort it fails to Š	respond. The others, too, are unable to make their Š	horses run any faster.

	Knowing that you cannot hope to outrun your pursuers, Š	you scour the hills for someplace to hide. Your night Š	vision reveals a deep gully running parallel to the Š	road and you signal your companions to follow as you Š	urge your exhausted horse to enter it. Here you Š	dismount and wait until those who are chasing you Š	have ridden past. When their torches can no longer be Š	seen in the distance you remount and begin to retrace Š	your tracks out of the gully. You are within a few Š	dozen yards of the road when something startles your Š	horse and he rears up on his hind legs, throwing you Š	heavily to the ground (lose 2 ENDURANCE points).

	You are getting to your feet when you feel a sharp Š	pain shoot up the back of your leg: you have been Š	bitten by a snake. Oswin unsheathes his sword and Š	leans from his horse to take a swipe at the ground. Š	His blow severs the snake's head from its body and it Š	falls closeby. To your dismay you see that it is a Š	Jubai - the most poisonous of Vassagonia's desert Š	serpents. Your natural Kai curing skills act swiftly Š	to counter the toxin that has entered your blood, but Š	Jubai venom is very potent and you have received a Š	massive dose.      


	If you possess the Grand Master discipline of Š	Deliverance, turn to  â169â

	If you do not, turn to  â26â
