>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰190‰      

	You are horrified to see that the attacking ship has ä	a large cannon mounted on its prow. Moments after the ä	pirates fire their gun, you hear the whistle of a ä	heavy cannonball as it hurtles towards the deck of ä	the ÈPride of SommerlundÈ. It rips through the gunwale ä	close to where you are standing and you are knocked ä	over by the blast (lose 3 ENDURANCE points). As you ä	drag yourself to your feet, you discover that your ä	backpack has saved you from sustaining a more serious ä	injury. (Two of the items that you are carrying have ä	been destroyed by the blast. You must now erase two ä	items of your choice from your Backpack Items list).
	
	As the smoke clears you see that the rest of the crew ä	have escaped injury, and damage to the ship is ä	minimal. You hear Sergeant Dryan command his men to ä	return fire and a volley of shots from the three ä	swivel guns slam into the bow of the pirate ship with ä	devastating effect. Two shots penetrate below the ä	waterline and the third severs the bowsprit. As it ä	falls into the ocean, it rips away sail and rigging ä	which drag more than a dozen pirates overboard. In ä	disarray, the enemy vessel veers from its collision ä	course and founders in the wake of the ÈPride of ä	SommerlundÈ as it enters the Bukimi Channel. Here your ä	ship picks up a prevailing wind which propels it away ä	from the second pirate raider. Soon both ships have ä	disappeared and, when Raker is sure that the danger ä	has passed, he warmly praises both the marines and ä	his crew for the skill and courage they have ä	displayed. 

	Later, as the ship navigates the narrow strait ä	dividing the two Lakuri islands, you pass within a ä	few hundred yards of the fire-blackened ruins of a ä	beach settlement which nestles in a bay, overshadowed ä	on three sides by cliffs. This is Kita Cove, formerly ä	a secret base from where Captain Khadro launched his ä	pirate fleet. As you stare at the charred remnants of ä	the pirate settlement, you try to imagine what it ä	must have looked like before the encampment was ä	consumed by a tremendous fireball that sealed its ä	doom. Suddenly your daydreaming is interupted when, ä	to your shocked surprise, you see something moving ä	among the ruins.


	If you possess Kai Alchemy, turn to  ‚158‚

	If you do not possess this discipline, turn to  ‚247‚
