>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL64
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰212‰      

	Svolta screams as your killing blow pierces his ä	chest. He drops his sword, staggers drunkenly ä	backwards, and then falls off the edge of the slave ä	platform to land in an undignified heap on the dusty ä	ground. His master - the slaver - has disappeared ä	into the crowd, but by using your sixth sense and ä	tracking skills you discover that he has slipped away ä	to hide in the adjoining bazaar.

	You leap from the platform and set off across the ä	square towards the market bazaar. The slaver's ä	henchmen, fearing that you may escape, immediately ä	move in from all sides to block your path. The crowd ä	scream and scatter as you approach them for they are ä	terrified at the prospect of being dragged into a ä	bloody màläe when the slaver's thugs catch up with ä	you. Then suddenly, in the midst of this chaotic ä	tangle of running and screaming people, appear Ernan, ä	Sligh and Oswin mounted upon their steeds, and with ä	yours and Oriah's horses in tow. News of what has ä	happened here at the slave market has spread like ä	wildfire through the rest of Kilij. On hearing these ä	reports, the marines have rushed here as quickly as ä	they could.

	"Come Grand Master!" shouts Oswin, and he throws you ä	the rope that is now attached to your steed's head, ä	"we must flee this town at once!"
	You leap into the blanket-saddle which is tied to ä	your horse's back, take hold of the rope reins in ä	both hands, and dig your heels into his flanks to ä	urge him to the gallop. Two of the slaver's henchmen ä	rush to block your escape but they are trampled into ä	the dirt when your horse bolts away. You race towards ä	a tree-lined avenue on the south side of the square ä	with your three companions galloping close behind. As ä	you enter this thoroughfare, you see one of the ä	slaver's men come rushing out of a doorway. He is ä	armed with a bow, and as you gallop past him, he ä	draws an arrow to his lips and takes careful aim at ä	your head.

	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ. If you ä	possess Assimilance, add ‚3‚ to the number you have ä	chosen. If your current ENDURANCE score is ‚20‚ or 
	lower, deduct ‚2‚ from the number you have picked.


	If your total score is now  ‚2‚ or lower, turn to  ‚238‚

	If it is  ‚3‚ - ‚6‚, turn to  ‚84‚

	If it is  ‚7‚ or higher, turn to  ‚284‚
