>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰232‰      

	You ride the moonlit coast road, covering the ä	remaining twenty five miles to Bir Rabalou in little ä	more than three hours. Your first glimpse of the ä	great trading port comes when the road crests a ridge ä	of hills within a mile of its perimeter wall. From ä	here you can see that the city is built in a semi-ä	circle between two great jutting spurs of land which ä	protrude into the ocean like the horns of a huge ä	bull. Within the city wall are hundreds of lavish ä	buildings, yet the grandest of all is a castle which ä	stands upon a steep hill at its centre. This one ä	towering stronghold dominates all the other splendid ä	structures of this rich metropolis. 

	Your arrival at the north gate at such a late hour is ä	greeted with suspicion from a pair of surly guards. ä	Eventually you are allowed to enter, but only after ä	Oswin bribes them with the horse that Oriah once ä	rode. Beyond the gate you ride along a torchlit ä	avenue that leads down to the harbour which is filled ä	with trading ships of all nationalities. The quayside ä	and its taverns are alive with activity as the ä	captains and crews of these vessels drink themselves ä	senseless with the money their cargoes have earned.

	You select one of the quieter taverns and stable your ä	horses at the rear before making your entrance. The ä	tavern's taproom is crowded with sailors and traders, ä	most of whom are listening to an uncommonly fine ä	musical performance being given by three Cloeasian ä	minstrels. Your companions are hungry and tired and ä	so you make your way to the counter and ask the ä	tavern keeper his price for food and a night's ä	lodging. He tells you that 10 Gold Crowns will fill ä	all your bellies and buy you each the use of a ä	comfortable room. You agree his price (deduct 10 Gold ä	Crowns from your ÈAction ChartÈ) and as he hands each ä	of you a numbered key. The marines are not impressed ä	with the minstrels' classical recital and they decide ä	to eat their meals in their rooms. Before they retire ä	for the night you arrange to meet with them here in ä	the taproom, first thing in the morning.  

	You seat yourself at the counter and listen to the ä	recital as you enjoy a meal of grilled meat and ä	sugared desert fruits. As you wipe your mouth and ä	push away your empty plate, your eye is caught by a ä	rotund little man who is seated alone in an alcove. ä	"Ho, journeyman!" he calls, beckoning you with a ä	plump hand that is laden with gold and ruby rings. ä	"Please, will you join me at my table ?"

	If you possess the Grand Master discipline of ä	Telegnosis, turn to  ‚329‚

	If you do not, turn to  ‚301‚
