>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰235‰      

	Dressed in the plain green tunic, breeches, and cloak ä	of a Kai journeyman, you return to the Vault of the ä	Sun at midnight as ordered. Lone Wolf approves of ä	your appearance and commends you for your ä	determination to succeed. He is confident he has ä	chosen the right Grand Master to fulfil this vital ä	mission. He opens a concealed portal in the wall of ä	the chamber and he motions you to follow him as he ä	steps through into a torchlit tunnel which lies ä	beyond. This secret passage passes under the walls of ä	the monastery and emerges at a clearing in the ä	surrounding Fryelund forest. Here await a party of ä	men and horses - elite troopers from King Ulnar's ä	Court Cavalry Regiment. Lone Wolf bids you good luck ä	and godspeed as you climb into the saddle of a ä	chestnut mare and, with a proud salute, you bid ä	farewell to your leader before galloping away with ä	the horsemen along a moonlit forest track.

	Your bodyguard of King's troopers have orders to ä	ensure that you reach Holmgard harbour swiftly and ä	safely; they know nothing about your mission. You ä	ride all night and enter the capital shortly after ä	dawn, whereupon you are escorted through the ä	awakening streets to the harbour where 'ÈThe Pride of ä	SommerlundÈ', an armed caravel, is moored alongside ä	the stone quay. From its mainmast flies a red flag ä	emblazoned with a golden galleon and a five-pointed ä	crown. It is the Holmgard ensign, the flag of this ä	city's trading fleet. As you rein your mare to a ä	halt, you cast your eyes along the ship's deck and ä	note that it is equipped with several light swivel ä	cannon mounted upon the gunwales. It is uncommon for ä	traders to be armed, even those that venture ä	regularly into the Kuri Sea which is notorious for ä	its brigands and pirate raiders. Your voyage is ä	destined to traverse these perilous waters and so the ä	unexpected sight of the ship's guns comes as a ä	welcome surprise.
	
	A bristle-bearded first mate called Paoll	is on dawn ä	watch and he beckons you to come aboard. Your cavalry ä	escort, having delivered you safely to the quay, now ä	bid you a safe voyage and depart from the harbour ä	with your horse in tow. Paoll welcomes you and offers ä	to show you to your cabin. He says that the ship's ä	master, Captain Raker, is still ashore after having ä	spent last night celebrating at the Good Cheer Inn. ä	He says he was due back at dawn, yet he does not ä	appear to be particularly concerned by his absence. ä	It is not uncommon for Captain Raker to be late back ä	from shore leave, especially when he and his crew are ä	to embark on a long voyage. Paoll tells you not to ä	worry and says that Raker should be back within the ä	hour.


	If you wish to wait on board for Captain Raker to ä	return, turn to  ‚311‚

	If you decide to go and look for him at the Good ä	Cheer Inn, turn to  ‚88‚
