>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä250ä      


	You follow a broad avenue which is teeming with Š	commercial travellers, people who have come here from Š	the four corners of Magnamund to trade their wares. Š	Merchants, farmers, jewelers, and slaves are just a Š	few of the people you observe as you ride towards the Š	heart of this great city. Everywhere is bustle and Š	hurry, even at this late hour.

	At a fountain of fresh water you stop to allow your Š	horse to drink. As you sit and wait, you observe a Š	struggle taking place on a flight of stone steps Š	closeby. Two greasy young louts are attacking a woman Š	who is attired in a long black dress and black head Š	scarf, indicating that she has been recently widowed.
	Incensed by the sight of this cowardly attack, you Š	leap from your horse and rush towards the steps with Š	your weapon drawn. As you begin to climb the stairs, Š	to your surprise you see the two louts and the woman Š	cease their struggle. Together they run to the top of Š	the steps and disappear through a door which they Š	slam shut behind them. On reaching it you discover it Š	has been bolted shut from the inside. You are trying Š	to make sense of the situation when suddenly you Š	realize what has happened. From the top of the steps Š	you look down at the fountain below to see that your Š	horse has now disappeared; he has been stolen. 
	Cursing your own naivety, you descend the steps and 
	continue on foot along the busy avenue until you Š	arrive at a place called Dhanamet Square where a busy  Š	evening bazaar is taking place. You are mindful of Š	your need to find lodging for the night, and also Š	some new means by which you will be able to continue Š	your journey to Elzian. As you stop to look at the Š	market and the fa‡ades of the shops and taverns which Š	encircle it, your eye is caught by the gaily-Š	decorated merchant's stalls and the exotic wares they Š	display.


	If you wish to take a closer look at the market Š	stalls, turn to  â7â

	If you choose instead to try and find a place to stay        Š	for the night, turn to  â236â
		
