>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä269ä      

	Gradually the temperature drops and the gentle Š	undulation of the waves grows fiercer. The wind Š	becomes a gale and the azure sky grows darker and Š	darker until the sun is lost from view and the ship Š	is shrouded by a deep grey twilight. Now Kol realises Š	that he should have heeded your advice and he Š	commands his anxious crew to run for the coast in the Š	hope of finding a safe haven. Soon lightning is the Š	only source of illumination. It tears the roiling Š	clouds and transforms the sea into an angry beast Š	that lashes and batters the ship with a supernatural Š	fury. Then the darkness is obliterated by a great Š	curtain of white fire. Tongues of flame lance down; Š	they boil the sea where they strike the surface and Š	send up great clouds of steam in their wake. Š	Miraculously these terrifying bolts of power miss the Š	ship, but soon they are rivalled in their ferocity by Š	another terrifying force that is battling to escape Š	from the hellish skies. 
	
	A hundred balls of dancing fire fall from the clouds Š	like a shower of blazing meteors. One such meteor Š	strikes the helmsman who is struggling with the Š	ship's wheel, and it engulfs him. For a few dreadful Š	moments his head and chest are contained within a Š	roaring yellow orb, then the burning ball is caught Š	by the wind and it spins away into the darkness. The Š	crew scream with terror when they look upon their Š	comrade, for his upper body has been transformed into Š	a blackened and fleshless skull that perches Š	precariously upon his hollow, smoking rib-cage.

	Panic grips the Vassagonian sailors. They abandon Š	their posts and rush to seek shelter below decks in Š	the crowded cargo hold. You are trying to rally them Š	when suddenly a ball of flame drops from the raging Š	skies and comes hurtling down towards your head.


	If you possess the Grand Master discipline of Š	Elementalism, turn to  â197â

	If you do not possess this skill, turn to  â51â
	




