>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰278‰      

	The deck of the ÈPride of SommerlundÈ becomes a hive of ä	activity as the crew set about getting the ship ready ä	to sail. When the last spread of canvas has been ä	unfurled and the cables are cast off from the ä	quayside, you feel the deck rock gently as Paoll ä	steers the cargo-heavy vessel towards the entrance to ä	Holmgard harbour. At first she responds sluggishly ä	and the First Mate curses her as he struggles with ä	the ship's wheel. Yet, once you pass beyond the ä	harbour's protective walls, a sea wind fills the ä	sails and the ship is swiftly transformed. Within ä	minutes of leaving harbour, ÈThe Pride of SommerlundÈ ä	is speeding swiftly eastwards through the foam-ä	flecked waters of the Holmgulf.

	For six uneventful days you sail across the Gulf of ä	Durenor, the passage made easy by fair weather and a ä	strong following wind. After a night's anchorage at ä	Port Bax, the voyage continues along the Rymerift and ä	into the warm, turquoise waters of the Kuri Sea.
	Shortly after dawn of the 13th day, an island looms ä	into view on the horizon. Its white sand beaches and ä	rich vegetation appear innocuous, but Captain Raker ä	informs you that it is one of the notorious Lakuri ä	Isles. For centuries the bays and hidden coves of the ä	Lakuris have provided a safe haven for pirates, the ä	most imfamous of whom was Captain Khadro. Six years ä	ago this murderous buccaneer was slain by your ä	master, Lone Wolf, yet despite his demise the Lakuri ä	Islands still harbour renegades and pirates who have ä	set up camp here during the past year. Captain Raker
	scours the horizon with his telescope, seeking a ä	tell-tale glimpse of sail among the inlets and coves ä	which pepper the shoreline. During his last voyage he ä	came close to losing his ship in these waters and he ä	is understandably wary.


	If you possess the discipline of Grand Huntmastery, ä	turn to  ‚42‚

	If you do not possess this skill, turn to  ‚306‚
