>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä28ä      

	Upon hearing the news that you have slain the Š	Deathstalker, the mayor of Hikas summons you to his Š	Grand Hall in the city's north quarter. Proudly the Š	Vakeros lieutenant and his militia escort you across Š	the city and during your march you receive the Š	adulation of the grateful populace. The mayor hails Š	you as the saviour of Hikas and he bestows upon you Š	the freedom of the city. He decrees that the plaza, Š	where the remains of the Deathstalker were destroyed, Š	shall from this day forward be named after you in Š	perpetual honour of your brave and gallant deed.
	
	You are invited to stay at the Grand Hall and feast Š	with the mayor and the other dignitaries of the city.
	You accept the invitation and enjoy a sumptuous meal Š	(restore 3 ENDURANCE points). Early the next morning, Š	the Mayor presents you with a fine white stallion to Š	help speed your journey to Elzian. You thank him for Š	his generosity and, shortly before noon, you ride out Š	through the gates of the Grand Hall, go south along Š	the Avenue of the Sun, and cross the Bridge of Š	Lanterns which spans the city's river. Citizens cheer Š	as you pass through the southern quarter and they Š	alert the guards at the busy south gatehouse so that Š	by the time you arrive there you are able to ride Š	through without delay. 

	A mile beyond the south gate, the road ascends to a Š	ridge where you stop to look back at Hikas for the Š	last time. It is a warm and windy morning and, as you Š	cast your gaze across the roooftops and towers of the Š	ancient city, the sultry breeze howls like a wild Š	animal. For a few moments you feel a chill in your Š	blood, for the sound reminds you of the Š	Deathstalker's ghastly cry. But then you shake your Š	head and dismiss it. The creature is dead and there Š	are still many miles left for you to travel before Š	your quest is done. You salute the city farewell and
	set off at a brisk pace along the weather-beaten road Š	that leads to Gologo.


	Turn to  â188â
