>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL68
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰281‰      

	You accompany Captain Raker as he conducts a hasty ä	tour of his ravaged ship to assess the extent of the ä	battle damage, and you are both shocked when you ä	discover that half his compliment of crew have been ä	killed or badly wounded. The few who can still stand ä	count themselves lucky to have survived. Raker sets ä	Paoll and some of the survivors to work repairing the ä	gaping hole in the ship's port beam that was made by ä	the enemy's ram, while the remainder tend to their ä	wounded companions and clear away the debris that ä	lies smouldering in heaps upon the bloodstained deck. ä	Among the enemy dead you are saddened to discover the ä	bodies of young Sergeant Dryan and nine of his men. ä	Only three marines have survived the battle and ä	stoically they set about wrapping the bodies of their ä	fallen comrades in canvas and consigning them to the ä	waves.
	
	Having done what you can to help on deck, you decide ä	to go below and make sure that Fernant and Oriah are ä	safe. At the foot of the steps you discover a dead ä	raider lying sprawled across the body of another man. ä	You turn the corpse over with the toe of your boot ä	and gasp when you see that the man lying beneath is ä	Lord-lieutenant Fernant. The hilt of a Shadakine  ä	dagger protrudes from his chest and a smear of blood ä	stains his lips. He is dead. Fearing the worst, you ä	rush along the narrow corridor and throw open the ä	door to Oriah's cabin. You find her huddled below her ä	bunk, sobbing quietly. You comfort her as best you ä	can but she is overcome with grief; Fernant died ä	whilst protecting her and she blames herself for his ä	death and for the calamity which has befallen the ä	ÈPride of SommerlundÈ. She tells you that the raiders ä	came from Ghol-Tabras, the city ruled by her evil ä	suitor. She is convinced that the reason they ä	attacked the ship was to capture her.

	At length you persuade Oriah to accompany you onto ä	the rear deck for some fresh air. Here you are met by ä	Captain Raker who informs you that the ship is ä	listing and taking in water. The voyage to Bisutan ä	cannot proceed until proper repairs have been carried ä	out, and so he has set a course for the nearby port ä	of Cape Kabar where he knows a trustworthy shipwright ä	who can fix the damaged hull. While you talk with the ä	Captain, Oriah watches the surviving crewmen ä	disposing of the enemy dead. You hear her gasp, and ä	when you hurry to her side you see that she is ä	pointing at the body of the warrior leader.

	"Did you know this man ? Have you seen him somewhere ä	before ?" you ask. 
	
	"Yes," she replies tearfully, "He's Dar-Usun. He was ä	the brother of Sesketera, the man my father wishes me ä	to marry."


	Turn to  ‚104‚