>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰287‰      

	Upon emerging from the Bukimi Channel, the ÈPride of ä	SommerlundÈ is caught by a strong south-easterly wind ä	which propels her swiftly towards the Vassagonian ä	coast. For two days and nights she rides the scudding ä	waves, her speedy passage more than making up for any ä	time lost in the Lakuri Isles. Then, late on the ä	third day, the lookout catches his first glimpse of ä	Barrakeesh. Excitedly the crew gather on deck to ä	stare at the golden domes and minarets of the city
	which glimmer like orbs of burnished gold in the glow ä	of the setting sun. In fading light, Paoll brings the ä	ship silently into the great curve of Barrakeesh ä	harbour and moors her at the end of a vacant quay. ä	Few eyes notice another trade caravel, but one pair ä	take a special interest. They belong to Lord-ä	lieutenant Fernant, the Sommlending envoy to this ä	rich, desert realm. When finally the ship is docked ä	and the gangplank is lowered to the quayside, he is ä	waiting there to greet your arrival. 

	Fernant is a tall man in his mid-forties, clean-ä	shaven, and of slim and athletic build. His face has ä	characteristics which are unmistakably Sommlending, ä	yet his skin is richly tanned from the many years he ä	has spent in this sun-drenched land. After a brief ä	talk with Captain Raker to confirm that the ship will ä	be ready to sail tomorrow at noon, he offers you the ä	hospitality of his house in the city. After nearly a ä	month at sea, you gladly welcome the chance to bathe ä	in a proper bath and sleep in a proper bed.

	Fernant's house is only a short distance from the ä	harbour. It is a large, two-storied dwelling with a ä	flat roof and a walled garden that smells sweetly of ä	picanda and larnuma fruit. After a luxurious bath and ä	a feast fit for a king, Fernant tells you something ä	about the changes which have occurred in Vassagonia ä	since the demise of its hated ruler - Zakhan Kimah -
	who, during the Darklands War, allied himself and his ä	reluctant nation to the Darklords of Helgedad.

	"Shoualli is the new Zakhan now," says Fernant, as he ä	peels the skin from a ripe larnuma and slices it ä	neatly in two with a pearl-handled dagger. "He is an ä	honourable and intelligent man. He has brought peace ä	back to this land through trade. Its enemies, who ä	once swore to destroy Vassagonia, now come and barter ä	their wares in the rich markets of Barrakeesh and ä	Bisutan." Later during the evening, talk turns to the ä	details of your mission. Fernant is unaware of its ä	true purpose; all he knows is that he is to offer you ä	every assistance to ensure your swift and safe ä	passage to Elzian. When you tell him that you are not ä	at liberty to fully discuss your mission, he nods ä	sympathetically and vows he will refrain from ever ä	mentioning the subject again.

	Shortly before midnight there is a knock at the front ä	door of Fernant's house. He signals to one of his ä	servants to go and answer it and you comment that it ä	is an uncommonly late hour for someone to be paying ä	him a visit. "Quite so," he says, "but this is a ä	visitor I've been expecting. It's someone I'd ä	especially like you to meet."


	Turn to  ‚150‚


