>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!-----------------------------R
		ä289ä      

	The crowd scream with excitement the moment you Š	overcome the last of the evil slaver's henchmen. At Š	first you think they are expressing their appreciation Š	of your superb Kai fighting skills, but then you notice Š	a large shadow is moving across the market square and Š	when you look up you discover the real cause of the Š	crowd's excitation.
	
	Swooping down out of the cloudless sky come two Š	gigantic birds with razor-sharp beaks and talons that Š	glint like mirrored steel. They are Itikars and seated Š	astride their feathered backs are warriors armed with Š	spears and shields. Frantically the slaver signals to Š	the riders and one of them responds by hurling his Š	weapon at your head. You dive to avoid being skewered Š	to the ground by this deadly missile and it thuds Š	harmlessly into the beaten earth, but as you are Š	pulling yourself to your feet, you see the second Š	Itikar come swooping down towards Oriah. You scream a Š	warning yet she is frozen with fear and does not Š	respond. The great bird sweeps past her and its rider Š	casts a lasso which falls over her head. As the bird Š	soars into the sky the rope tightens about her waist Š	and she is hoisted screaming into the air. You spring Š	to your feet and race after her as she is carried away Š	over the rooftops of Kilij, yet as you sprint across Š	the square you see a dozen armed men emerge from the Š	crowd to block your path. The Itikar and its precious Š	cargo are rapidly disappearing towards the northern Š	hills and you know in your heart that it is now too Š	late to save Oriah. Then you hear the sound of cruel Š	laughter echoing across the square and it brings you Š	skidding to a halt. It is the laugh of the slaver; he Š	can barely contain his delight at having captured such Š	a beautiful young woman, and he is relishing the Š	thought of watching as the remainder of his henchmen Š	make you pay for the deaths of their comrades.

	Swiftly you assess your perilous situation and Š	determine two ways in which you may save yourself from Š	the slaver's gang of bloodthirsty thugs.
	

	If you wish to run back across the square and attack Š	the slaver, turn to  â78â
	
	If you wish to attempt to reach the town's bazaar and Š	find the marines, turn to  â126â
