>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä290ä      

	You are woken early the following morning by the Š	motion of the carriage. As you rub your eyes and Š	stretch your aching limbs, your fellow passengers Š	tell you that the caravan has been on the move for Š	more than an hour. They are eating a breakfast of Š	bread and fruit which they generously offer to share Š	with you.

	It is almost noon when the stone town of Bavari looms Š	into view. Most of its sun-bleached shops and houses Š	are contained within a wall of uncemented stone Š	blocks which rise to twice the height of a horse. The Š	road approaches a heavy wooden gate, banded and Š	studded with iron, which is flanked by circular guard Š	towers. Perforating the walls are slits for archers Š	and openings for larger machines of war.

	The procession of wagons passes through the gate and Š	comes to a halt in the middle of Bavari. As you Š	disembark you sense an air of excitement pervading Š	this town. You overhear the other passengers talking Š	and you learn that today is the third day of the Š	Bavarian gladiatorial circus - an annual event which Š	attracts the finest warriors of Vassagonia to come Š	here and compete with each other in armed combat. Š	Great wealth and status are the rewards for those who Š	triumph; disgrace and sometimes death awaits those Š	who fail.

	You are curious to see this great event and so you Š	follow a group of passengers to Bavari's arena where Š	the gladiatorial circus is being staged. Entrance to Š	the arena is free and you take a seat on one of the Š	many stone tiers that encircle its oval-shaped Š	fighting area. Throughout the afternoon several Š	combats are staged between warriors on foot and on Š	horseback. The heat of the desert sun is unrelenting, Š	and by late afternoon you are feeling parched. During Š	a lull in the contests, you hear the tinkling sound Š	of running water and you decide to seek out its Š	source. You descend to the edge of the fighting area Š	and enter a tunnel which passes beneath the tiers of Š	seats. Halfway along this cool tunnel is an open door Š	set into the whitewashed wall. Through the doorway Š	you see a bronze fountain standing in the middle of Š	an empty room. It is richly embellished with Š	engravings which depict ancient gladiatorial Š	contests, and a stream of sparkling waters issues Š	upwards from a nozzle at its centre, inviting you to Š	drink.

	You are desperate to slake your thirst and so you Š	enter the room and stoop over the fountain.  You are Š	swallowing the deliciously cool water when suddenly Š	you sense someone rushing at you from behind.


	If you wish to quickly turn around and face the Š	person who is rushing towards you, turn to  â223â

	If you choose to draw your weapon before you turn Š	around, in case you should have to defend yourself Š	from a surprise attack, turn to  â45â
