>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä31ä      

	A large wooden platform has been erected at the Š	centre of the market place upon which twenty men and Š	women are standing side by side with their heads Š	bowed. These poor wretches wear heavy iron manacles Š	which encase their wrists and ankles. Standing behind Š	them are eight hard-faced guards, each with a loop of Š	knotted rope that dangles menacingly from their Š	wrist. The scorching desert sun beats down without Š	mercy upon those in the line, yet if any of them Š	should dare to move but an inch they immediately feel Š	the stinging lash of a rope across their backs.

	Over the years you have heard many tales about the Š	slave auctions of Vassagonia, but you had never Š	anticipated that one day you would witness one. This Š	cruel auction fills you with feelings of anger and Š	revulsion as, one by one, the slaves are dragged from Š	the line and sold to the highest bidder. The owner of Š	the slaves is a stout Vassagonian with small piggy Š	eyes and a wart which sits like a ripe brown cherry Š	on the end of his nose. Every time a slave is sold he Š	cackles like a witch when the new owner steps forward Š	to pay the auction price.

	You are about to suggest to Oriah that you should Š	leave the square and go back to the horses, when 
	suddenly your Kai senses alert you to danger. Within Š	the crowd there are many pairs of eyes that have been Š	staring avariciously at your beautiful companion. The Š	slave trader has become aware of this and you see him Š	signal to his henchmen. Immediately they enter the Š	crowd and move to encircle you and Oriah. You Š	unsheathe your weapon and command the slaver to call Š	off his men, but he ignores your order. Suddenly the Š	crowd melts away to reveal his six muscular thugs. Š	They are no longer holding knotted ropes; now they Š	hold scimitars and axes with which they slash the air Š	as slowly they advance towards you.

	"Slay him ! shouts the slaver, "Slay the Northlander Š	and bring me the girl!"
	
	               Slave Trader's Henchmen
	         COMBAT SKILL  33    ENDURANCE   36

	If you win this combat in â4â rounds, or less, turn 
	to â289â

	If you win the combat in â5â rounds (or more), turn 
	to  â195â
