>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰311‰      

	Paoll shows you to your cabin which is situated at ä	the stern, next to the Captain's quarters. He ä	suggests you rest here and offers to call you when ä	the Captain returns, but you are keen to familiarise ä	yourself with the layout of the ship and you decide ä	instead to accompany him as he goes about the task of ä	rousing the sleeping crew. 
	
	The forward hold of this caravel has been converted ä	into a dormitory for the ship's compliment of ä	eighteen men. Yet as Paoll's bellowing voice stirs ä	them reluctantly from their hammocks, you count ä	thirty-one men berthed here. "Welcome aboard," says a ä	fair-haired young man whose blue surcoat is ä	emblazoned with the scarlet anchor of the Kirlundin ä	Isles. "My name's Dryan - Sergeant Dryan of the 1st ä	Kirlundin Marines. My men and I have been assigned a ä	tour of duty aboard the ÈPride of SommerlundÈ for the ä	duration of the voyage."

	You speak with Sergeant Dryan for a few minutes and ä	learn that he and his marines have been ordered ä	aboard the ship by King Ulnar. Dryan's instructions ä	are to protect the ship's cargo from the threat of ä	pirate attack for, in addition to yourself, the ÈPride ä	of SommerlundÈ is carrying a valuable consignment of ä	wheat and timber bound for Bisutan. At first you are ä	suspicious; in his briefing Lone Wolf said nothing ä	about an escort of marines. To determine whether ä	Dryan is telling the truth, you probe the Sergeant's ä	mind using your psychic skills and discover at once ä	that he is genuine. He does not know or suspect the ä	true purpose of your journey. 
	"Well I'm glad to be sharing this voyage with you and ä	your men," you say, "it makes me feel much safer ä	knowing we have marines on board."

	You salute the Sergeant and allow him to attend to ä	his men. As you turn to leave, Paoll appears at the ä	exit to the hold.

	"Capt'n Raker's comin' aboard, Sir!" he shouts.
	
	You return on deck in time to see a broad-shouldered ä	man with a golden beard and sharp blue eyes come ä	striding up the gangplank.
	
	"I'm Raker," he says gruffly, "and you must be the ä	Kai journeyman we've been expecting. Good, now we can ä	be getting on our way." He turns to the first mate ä	and bellows:  "Alright, Paoll. Set your crew to work. ä	I want us to catch the ebb tide in one hour."


	Turn to  ‚278‚
