>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL62
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä323ä      

	The faces of your three companions are covered by an Š	unsightly red rash. Each man is suffering a headache Š	and they feel nauseous and dizzy, yet these Š	discomforts fade after you attend to them using your Š	Kai curing skills. However, try as you may, you Š	cannot relieve them of the vivid rash that has Š	erupted all over their faces, hands and feet.

	With dismay, the three men resign themselves to the Š	fact that they have contracted Bita Fever. Although Š	their lives are not at risk, the inflammation of their Š	skin is causing them great discomfort. Their only Š	hope of easing the persistent irritation is for them Š	to reach Bisutan and find an apothecary who may be Š	able to concoct a lotion to soothe their purulent Š	skin. 

	You ride all day under a clear sky and a blazing sun Š	and stocially the marines suffer their pain in Š	silence. Their only relief is the protection afforded Š	by their cool, flowing mhuktis. It is late in the Š	afternoon when you catch your first sight of the Š	great city of Bisutan, which is located upon an Š	island in the estuary of the River Khorda. A titanic Š	stone bridge carries the coastal road over the Š	shimmering waters of the Khorda towards a towering Š	gatehouse which is flanked by two massive stone Š	dragons. It is not the custom of Bisutanian's city Š	guards to stop travellers without good reason, for Š	here the merchants of all Magnamund meet to haggle Š	and trade and barter their cargoes. They allow you to Š	pass through their great gate, but one sharp-eyed Š	young guardsman with promotion on his mind notes the Š	strange pallor of your companions and he demands that Š	they halt.

	"Bita Fever," proclaims a gruff old guard sergeant, Š	and he demands that they dismount at once. He summons Š	five spearmen from a nearby guardhouse and when they Š	arrive he orders that your companions be taken to a 
	gaol on the far side of the great bridge. You protest Š	but the sergeant is adamant that they should spend a Š	month there in isolation until the symptoms of the Š	fever have disappeared. He assures you that they will Š	be treated well, but they will not be permitted any Š	visitors during their isolation. As they are escorted Š	back across the bridge at spear's length, they wave Š	you farewell and urge you to continue your journey Š	without them. You wait until they have disappeared Š	from view and then you wheel your horse about and Š	enter Bisutan alone.

	Turn to  â250â
