>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰335‰      

	To your surprise you see that the attacking ship is ä	armed with a large cannon, mounted on the prow. ä	Moments after the pirates fire their gun, you hear ä	the whistle of a heavy cannonball as it hurtles ä	across the deck of the ÈPride of SommerlundÈ. ä	Fortunately the pirates are poor gunners and it ä	passes within inches of the main mast before ä	splashing harmlessly into the ocean. Sergeant Dryan ä	commands his men to return fire and a volley of shots ä	from the three swivel guns slam into the bow of the ä	pirate ship with devastating effect. Two shots ä	penetrate below the waterline and the third severs ä	the bowsprit. As it falls into the ocean, it rips ä	away sail and rigging which drag more than a dozen ä	pirates overboard. In disarray, the enemy vessel ä	veers from its collision course and founders in the ä	wake of the ÈPride of SommerlundÈ as it enters the ä	Bukimi Channel. Here your ship picks up a prevailing ä	wind which propels it away from the second pirate ä	raider. Soon both ships have disappeared and, when ä	Raker is sure that the danger has passed, he warmly ä	praises both the marines and his crew for the skill ä	and courage they have displayed. 

	Later, as the ship navigates the narrow strait ä	dividing the two Lakuri islands, you pass within a ä	few hundred yards of the fire-blackened ruins of a ä	beach settlement which nestles in a bay, overshadowed ä	on three sides by cliffs. This is Kita Cove, formerly ä	a secret base from where Captain Khadro launched his ä	pirate fleet. As you stare at the charred remnants of ä	the pirate settlement, you try to imagine what it ä	must have looked like before the encampment was ä	consumed by a tremendous fireball that sealed its ä	doom. Suddenly your daydreaming is interupted when, ä	to your shocked surprise, you see something moving ä	among the ruins.


	If you possess Kai Alchemy, turn to  ‚158‚

	If you do not possess this discipline, turn to  ‚247‚
