>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰337‰      

	You run with the militia along the narrow twisting ä	streets towards the south quarter of Hikas, where the ä	town houses of wealthy merchants command expensive ä	views of the River Carcos. Again a shriek pierces the ä	darkness, but this time it is echoed by a terrible ä	inhuman howl. "The beast!" gasps the lieutenant, and ä	he turns to rally his men onwards. Soon the street ä	ahead meets a towpath which runs along the river ä	bank, and you slow your pace so you can turn the ä	corner. As you do, you see a man dressed in his ä	nightclothes leaning from the open window of a house ä	closeby. He appears to be in shock for he is sobbing ä	and clutching fitfully at his dishevelled hair. You ä	stop and call to him and slowly he responds. He sees ä	you through his tears and points frantically to ä	several small bundles lying on the towpath beside the ä	gangplank to a barge. The lieutenant rushes past you ä	and hurries to the first bundle. You see him drop to ä	his knees and shake his head in disbelief, then he ä	turns away and retches. You magnify your vision and  ä	see, to your horror, what the bundles really are. ä	They are the shredded remains of two men, two traders 
	who have been dragged from their beds aboard their ä	barge and torn limb from limb by some nameless ä	creature of the night. 
	Desperately you scan the towpath and the buildings ä	which stand all along the river bank. Then you see ä	something and your heart skips a beat. In the ä	darkness of a narrow alleyway two amber eyes glint in ä	the moonlight. You sharpen your focus and catch the ä	faintest glimpse of a dark shape loping away.

	"There!" you shout, and you give chase, with the city ä	militiamen and the lieutenant following after. The ä	passageway twists and turns like an angry snake ä	before it ends abruptly at a junction where a wider ä	alley crosses it from left to right. Quickly you drop ä	to your knees and summon your tracking skills in an ä	effort to determine which way the creature went.

	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ. If you ä	possess the discipline of Grand Pathsmanship, add ‚3‚ ä	to the number you have chosen. If you possess ä	Telegnosis, add ‚1‚.


	If your total score is now  ‚4‚  or lower, turn to  ‚32‚

	If it is  ‚5‚  or higher, turn to  ‚111‚
