>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä350ä      

	It is dusk when at last you reach the wondrous city Š	of Elzian. It is a magical metropolis that sparkles Š	like a fiery crimson jewel in the last rays of the Š	setting sun. You pass through its broad outer wall Š	and cross the canal which encircles its tallest Š	edifice - the Tower of Truth. As you approach a vast Š	gatehouse, the portculis rises and a troop of Vakeros Š	guards rush forward to greet you. They have been Š	keeping watch for your arrival for many days and had Š	all but given up hope that you would appear. They Š	escort you swiftly into the tower's vaulted presidium Š	where you are received by Lord Rimoah and the Š	illustrious members of the High Council of the Elder Š	Magi. The grand chamber is cleared of all but the Š	most senior council members and a gasp of reverence Š	fills its echoing reaches when, at Lord Rimoah's Š	request, you open your satchel and reveal the Š	Moonstone to their learned eyes. Rimoah requests that Š	you recount the details of your journey here and, Š	when you have finished, he and his kinsmen praise you Š	warmly for the greatness of your achievement.

	Congratulations Grand Master. You have proved your Š	courage and resourcefulness. Lone Wolf was right to Š	entrust the task of returning the Moonstone to you. Š	You are a credit to your homeland and your noble Š	order. You have completed the task set by your Š	Supreme Master and you have triumphed in the face of Š	great adversity. 
	
	However, your mission is not yet fully completed. The Š	second and most challenging part of your journey Š	awaits, a journey that will take you deep into the Š	wild and lawless reaches of Southern Magnamund where Š	no Kai has ever ventured before. If you truly Š	possess the courage to return the Moonstone to the Š	Isle of Lorn, then your quest continues in the next Š	exciting Lone Wolf New Order adventure entitled: The Š	Buccaneers of Shadaki.
	
