>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä52ä      

	For an hour you ride without daring to stop in case Š	the slaver has dispatched his henchmen to pursue you. Š	The hills keep the interior of this country hidden Š	from view until you reach a broad-based canyon Š	bisected by a meandering stream.	The threat of pursuit Š	has now passed and so you halt here to slake your Š	thirst before continuing your long ride south. 
	
	Beyond the canyon, the road crosses a rolling coastal Š	plain which lies at the eastern edge of the Dry Main Š	- Vassagonia's vast desert. The undulations of its Š	windswept sands give this great sun-bleached Š	emptiness the appearance of a vast yellow sea that Š	seems to stretch away into infinity. You feel a Š	disturbing unease as you stare across this wilderness
	for there is nothing to break the view, and nothing Š	that could offer you a place to hide should the need Š	arise.

	As dusk approaches you are pleased to see that the Š	road bears to the east and passes within sight of the Š	ocean. The heat of the day has now surrendered to a Š	biting night wind that makes your horse and your Š	companions shiver. Mindful of their need for shelter, Š	you leave the road and scout the rugged coastline in Š	search of a cave in which to spend the night. Your Š	tracking skills lead you to a dry cave that is ideal Š	and you camp here and build a fire from driftwood. Š	Over a meal of roasted crabmeat the conversation Š	turns to Oriah and your fears for her safety. Later Š	this night, as you sit the first watch, you offer a Š	prayer to the Goddess Ishir to protect her and keep Š	her safe. You have a strong feeling that the young Š	woman is still alive and that one day, sometime in Š	the future, your paths are destined to cross once Š	more. 
	
	After a few hours, Sligh wakes from his slumber to Š	take his turn keeping watch at the mouth of the cave.
	Gladly you hand over the duty to him and settle down Š	for some much needed sleep (you may restore 3 Š	ENDURANCE points).
	

	To continue, turn to  â142â
