>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰61‰      

	"Welcome, master journeyman," says the smiling ä	trader, "I'm most pleased to make your acquaintance.
	My name is Kolastemi Ayusidihara but people know me ä	better as Kol. I see by the cloak clasp you are ä	wearing that you are a Kai journeyman of Sommerlund, ä	yes?" You nod to affirm this and the excited little ä	man proceeds to tell you about himself and his ä	business. You hear that he is a merchant who was born ä	in Casiorn but who now lives in the city of Kuchek. ä	When he was a young man he traded silk for wheat in ä	Holmgard where he first encountered the Kai. Once, ä	when his caravan was attacked by a Giak war party on ä	the Ruanon Pike, it was the timely intervention of a ä	Kai journeyman that saved his life and his cargo. ä	Since that day he has revered your warrior order.
	Barely pausing for breath, proudly he tells you that ä	he has a ship moored in the harbour which is filled ä	with timber that he intends to trade for spices in ä	Bisutan. He plans to set sail tomorrow at noon. When ä	at last he pauses to take a sip of ale from his ä	tankard, you inform him that you and your three ä	companions are travelling overland to Elzian. 

	"By horse ? Such a tiring way to travel and such a ä	difficult road too," he says, "I would gladly offer ä	you passage aboard my ship but, alas, I carry such a ä	heavy cargo that I could only accomodate one extra ä	passenger. You would be most welcome to sail with me ä	to Bisutan, but sadly I am unable to offer such a ä	favour to your friends."

	You thank Kol for his offer but decline it, prefering ä	to stay with the marines. You are tired now, and so ä	you rise from your seat and bid the friendly trader ä	goodnight and a safe voyage. As you turn to go to ä	your room he calls out: "If you should change your ä	mind, remember I sail at noon. My ship is moored at ä	the end of the east quay. She's called 'ÈDesert ä	JewelÈ'."
	

	Turn to  ‚106‚
