>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä89ä      

	The sun grows warmer as noon approaches and the Š	parched hills around Bavari melt away into a lush Š	savannah of tall grasses, broken occasionally by Š	swathes of loamy soil. The air has become humid and 
	the fertile landscape is rich with fauna. In the Š	distance, the verdant foothills of the Great Masourn Š	mountains appear in stark contrast to the brown arid Š	wastes through which you have travelled these past Š	few days.

	As night falls you find yourself approaching a Š	village which sits astride the border with Š	neighbouring Dessi. It shelters behind a tall Š	palisade which is patrolled by several Vakeros, the Š	indigenous tribesmen of this realm. They are an Š	ancient race whose lineage can be traced back to the Š	Age of the Old Kingdoms, yet the Vassagonians Š	consider them to be primitives and often pour scorn Š	on their simple ways and their tribal culture. Some Š	of Vassagonia's more ruthless leaders have in the Š	past waged war upon the Vakeros with the aim of Š	stealing their fertile land, but all of these wars Š	have ended in costly defeat for Vassagonia. Dessi is Š	ruled by the Elder Magi whose mastery of Old Kingdom Š	magic is unparalleled and, over many centuries, they Š	have taught the secrets of their battle sorcery to Š	the Vakeros. Armed with magic, they have kept their Š	land and their culture secure from the ravages of Š	their aggressive desert neighbour. 
	
	Since the demise of the Darklords and the fall of 
	Zakhan Kimah - the despised Vassagonian ruler - peace Š	has returned to the border regions of Dessi. Yet, as Š	you approach the palisade, you see that the Vakeros Š	guards are wary and suspicious. One of their elders Š	approaches you and, with a staff of twisted black Š	wood, he signals that he wants you to halt. Your Š	sixth senses detect that his staff possesses magical Š	properties; he is using it to assess if you are a Š	threat to his village.


	If you possess an Iron Skull, turn to  â237â

	If you do not possess this Special Item, turn to  â264â
