>TM 4
>LS 2
>ps on
>sm6
>pl 60
>fo off
>cp on
>------L------------------------!----------------------------R
	               THE STORY SO FAR...
	
	You are a Kai Grand Master of the New Order of the Kai ä	- the warrior elite of Sommerlund.
	
	It is the year MS 5083 and thirty-three years have ä	passed since the First Order of the Kai were almost ä	wiped out by the Darklords of Helgedad. These champions ä	of evil, who were sent by the Dark God Naar to destroy ä	your fertile world of Magnamund, have since been ä	destroyed. The leader of your illustrious fighting ä	order - the legendary warrior Lone Wolf - was the sole ä	survivor of the First Order of the Kai, and as a young ä	initiate he had stood amidst the burning wreckage of ä	the old Kai monastery and had vowed to avenge the ä	massacre of his comrades. In the year MS5075 he was to ä	keep his pledge when alone he infiltrated the foul ä	domain of the Darklords and destroyed the base of their ä	power - the infernal city of Helgedad. 

	With the fall of Helgedad, chaos befell the Darklord ä	armies who had, until then, been poised to conquer all ä	of Magnamund. Quickly their disorder escalated into a ä	mutinous civil war which allowed the freestate armies ä	of Magnamund time in which to recover and launch a ä	successful counter-offensive. Against all odds, a swift ä	and total victory was secured over the feuding armies ä	of evil.

	Following the demise of the Darklords, peace reigned in ä	your homeland of Sommerlund. Under the direction of ä	Lone Wolf the ruined monastery of the Kai was rebuilt ä	and restored to its former glory, and the raising of a ä	New Order of Kai warriors was swiftly re-established. ä	You are one of this new generation of Kai recruits. You ä	were born in Sommerlund in the year MS5063, during the ä	era of war against the Darklords, and you were sent by ä	your father to the Kai Monastery at the age of seven to ä	develop your martial skills and the latent Kai ä	abilities which lie dormant in some Sommlending. During ä	the years that followed, your skills were nurtured and ä	honed to perfection by long hours of study and rigorous ä	training. Your exceptional talent helped you to master ä	all of the Kai and Magnakai Disciplines and you rose ä	swiftly through the ranks of the New Order to become ä	one of only five who now hold the high rank of Kai ä	Grand Master. It is an achievement which has brought ä	great honour upon you and your family. 

	In the year MS5077 your skill and courage were put to ä	the test when an attack was launched upon the Kai ä	Monastery during Lone Wolf's absence. By means of a ä	Shadow Gate (an astral corridor between the physical ä	world of Sommerlund and the many ethereal domains which ä	lie beyond it) the Dark God sent forth a host of ä	dragon-creatures to besiege the monastery and lay waste ä	to all Sommerlund. He had chosen his time well, yet his ä	evil plan was thwarted by the tenacious defence that ä	you and your brethren maintained until the siege was ä	raised by Lone Wolf and the King's army of Sommerlund.

	The defeat of his minions enraged the Dark God and ä	inflamed his lust for vengeance. Three years later he ä	created and sent to Sommerlund an evil champion called ä	'Wolf's Bane' who was the very image of Lone Wolf. ä	While your leader was engaged upon a quest overseas, ä	this impostor terrorized your homeland in his guise and ä	sought to destroy the reputation and the honour of the ä	Kai. He would have succeeded had not Lone Wolf
	returned home and pursued this enemy to an ancient ä	necropolis in the Sommlending city of Tyso. There, deep ä	within a subterranean crypt, he and his evil alter-ego ä	were drawn through a Shadow Gate to the Plane of ä	Darkness - Naar's stronghold - where a deadly duel ä	ensued. Lone Wolf vanquished the foe and discovered
	that Naar had in his possession the fabled Moonstone of ä	the Shianti. This wondrous artifact was created many ä	thousands of years ago by the god-like Shianti, whose ä	presence upon Magnamund had heralded the dawn of ä	humanity. This stone of power contains the combined ä	might of all their magic and wisdom, the sum of all ä	their knowledge. So significant was the creation of ä	this stone that all time on Magnamund has since been ä	measured from the date of its creation. It had long ä	been held that the Moonstone's location was a secret ä	known only to the remnants of the Shianti, who dwell ä	upon the mysterious Isle of Lorn in Southern Magnamund, ä	yet the evidence of Lone Wolf's eyes had told him that ä	this mystical artifact had somehow fallen into the ä	hands of Naar.
	
	Lone Wolf realised that the Dark God had been using its ä	legendary powers to generate Shadow Gates within the ä	world of Magnamund, at locations and times of his own ä	choosing. Such power had enabled him to send his ä	loathsome champions to your home world, while the ä	forces of the gods of Good, Kai and Ishir, had been ä	held at bay. Only Lone Wolf and the New Order of the ä	Kai had stood in the way of the onslaught of Naar's ä	agents since the demise of the Darklords.

	Lone Wolf successfully escaped from the Plane of ä	Darkness and returned to Sommerlund, yet he knew that ä	the fight against Evil had not been won outright. He ä	realised that he would have to return to the Plane of ä	Darkness and retrieve the fabled Moonstone. Only by ä	doing so would Magnamund truly be safe from an invasion ä	by Naar's legions of darkness. Two years ago, with the ä	aid of his most trusted ally, Lord Rimoah of Dessi, ä	Lone Wolf fulfilled his vow by journeying to the Dark ä	God's domain and retrieving the Moonstone of the ä	Shianti. Upon his triumphant return, Lone Wolf placed ä	the Moonstone in the Vault of the Sun - his personal ä	chamber located deep below the fortified citadel of the ä	Kai Monastery. He had hoped that the fabled artifact ä	could remain there indefinitely, to be guarded by ä	generations of Kai who would keep it secure from Naar's ä	minions. Retrieval of the Moonstone had denied the Dark ä	God's champions ready access to Magnamund, yet Lone ä	Wolf knew that there were many lesser agents of Naar ä	upon Magnamund waiting quietly in the shadows for the ä	chance to do his evil bidding. Undoubtedly they would ä	stop at nothing to retrieve the Moonstone for their ä	fell master.

	Within a year of his return home it became clear to ä	Lone Wolf that his wish could not be fulfilled. At ä	first the presence of the Moonstone seemed greatly ä	beneficial to Sommerlund. Crops grew abundantly, ä	incidence of disease and illness became increasingly ä	rare, and the newly-born were uniformly healthy. Even ä	the offspring of the impoverished who, in normal times, ä	could expect only one-in-three of their infants to ä	survive longer than a month after birth, were all in ä	good health and exceptional in their physical and ä	mental development. The Sommlending called this ä	extraordinary period of providence 'the Blessing of the ä	Moonstone', yet this time of good fortune could not ä	last. The power of the Moonstone was a great force for ä	Good, but it was also greatly disruptive of the natural ä	order of Magnamund. Soon death itself became a rarity ä	in Sommerlund, and the four seasons of the year were ä	slowly transformed into one unending Spring. Lone Wolf ä	was deeply concerned at the changes wrought by the ä	Moonstone and sought the counsel of his closest friend ä	- Guildmaster Banedon, leader of Sommerlund's ä	Brotherhood of Magicians. Banedon entreated him to ä	relinquish the Moonstone before the effects of its ä	power became irreversible. To right the imbalance of ä	nature the Moonstone would have to be taken to the Isle ä	of Lorn, in the southern-most reaches of Magnamund, and ä	delivered back into the hands of the Shianti. Only ä	they, its creators, could prevent its powers from ä	disrupting the natural order of your world.

	Lone Wolf agreed with Banedon - the Moonstone would ä	have to be returned to the Shianti. The physical ä	effects of its presence were beginning to attract the ä	unwelcome attentions of those who secretly sought to ä	enact Naar's revenge upon the Kai. When one of Naar's ä	agents was captured by a Kai patrol within a few miles ä	of the monastery, Lone Wolf felt he could wait no ä	longer. He resolved to act immediately. Preparations ä	were made for a long journey and, especially among the ä	lower ranks of the Kai, rumours were rife that Lone ä	Wolf himself would take responsibility for carrying the ä	Moonstone to the Shianti. Indeed, this speculation ä	seemed to be confirmed as fact when it was discovered ä	that he had secured the use of Guildmaster Banedon's ä	famous flying ship - ÈCloud DancerÈ. 
	
	It therefore came as a shock when, early one morning, ä	you were summoned unexpectedly to the Vault of the Sun. ä	In strictest confidence, Supreme Master Lone Wolf ä	informed you that he had decided to entrust you with ä	the task of taking the Moonstone to the Shianti. The ä	elaborate preparation he was undertaking was simply a ä	diversion, a bluff designed to draw attention away from ä	the vital mission that he wished to entrust to you - ä	the most-talented and courageous of his Kai Grand ä	Masters.

