>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰1‰      

	For three days you are treated to the lavish ä	hospitality of the Elder Magi and the freedom of the ä	wondrous city of Elzian. Then, on the morning of the ä	fourth day, having fully recovered from the rigours ä	of your journey to Dessi, you meet with Lord Rimoah ä	in the Tower of Truth to discuss the final stage of ä	your quest - the voyage to the Isle of Lorn. He ä	informs you that passage has been arranged for you ä	aboard a Suhnese trading ship called 'ÈThe AzanÈ' which ä	sails tomorrow at dawn. The ship's master, Captain ä	Jenkshi, has been paid generously to carry you to his ä	home port of Suhn, and you can expect to be well-ä	treated by him and his crew. It will be a long ä	voyage, some 2,500 miles in all, but not all of it ä	will be spent at sea. 'ÈThe AzanÈ' will put in at ä	several ports along the way, both to trade and to ä	take on fresh supplies of food and water. Rimoah ä	reminds you of the need for secrecy - nobody must ä	know the real purpose of your journey. Jenkshi and ä	his men have been told that you are simply a courier ä	who is carrying official papers for the attention of ä	Lord Zinair, the Dessian ambasador to Suhn. On ä	arriving at Suhn you are to contact Lord Zinair who ä	will arrange for your passage across the Sea of ä	Dreams to the Isle of Lorn. 
	Before you leave the Tower of Truth and return to ä	your chambers, Lord Rimoah examines the satchel in ä	which you carry the Moonstone. Its special Korlinium ä	lining meets with his approval. 
	
	"Lone Wolf has prepared you well for your mission," ä	he says, as he secures the buckle. "I'm sure I have ä	no need to remind you to keep this bag closed at all ä	times. You are about to venture through dangerous ä	territory, and there are many who would give anything ä	to possess the contents of this satchel. You would be ä	wise to trust only yourself, Grand Master."

	(Record the Moonstone on your ÈAction ChartÈ as a ä	Special Item. You carry it slung over your shoulder ä	in its leather satchel)

	Rimoah escorts you to your room and tells you that  ä	he will call for you at an hour before dawn to take ä	you to the quay. As he bids you goodnight, a doleful ä	bell rings out in some distant part of the city. ä	Rimoah's eyes fill with sadness. 

	"What does the bell mean, my Lord ?" you ask.
	"It signifies the passing of Lord Casis. He, too, is ä	about to begin a journey. Alas, it will be his last.
	I must go now - I am being summoned to witness his ä	departure."

	As he leaves, Rimoah pauses for a moment and then ä	glances back over his shoulder. 

	"You are welcome to accompany me if you wish, Grand ä	Master. The passing of an Elder is a rare and special ä	occasion. You may learn much from what you see."


	If you wish to accept Lord Rimoah's invitation, turn ä	to  ‚225‚

	If you choose to decline his invitation, turn to  ‚118‚
