>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰109‰      

	The two-day voyage to Nhang passes swiftly and ä	without incident and you arrive at the port early on ä	the morning of the third day. The entrance to Nhang ä	harbour is noted for its 80 fearsome stone statues, ä	known as 'The Warriors of Nhang', which stand in two ä	lines and form a double colonnade out into the sea. ä	Their ferocious granite faces glare down at you ä	unmercifully as the ÈEmbassageÈ sails between them and ä	docks at the quay.

	Before you disembark, Captain Leonghi warns you to be ä	on your guard while you are in the city. The natives ä	still harbour loyalties to the memory of Shasarak, ä	and recent uprisings have led to the imposition of a ä	dawn-to-dusk curfew. He advises you to go directly to ä	the city of Tiklu and seek out his cousin Gemulkin. ä	He, too, is a merchant captain and he regularly plies ä	a trader between Tiklu and the Port of Suhn. Leonghi ä	gives you a scroll (record this Special Item on your ä	ÈAction ChartÈ as Leonghi's Scroll; you keep it in a ä	pocket of your tunic). It is a letter of introduction ä	which bears his seal, and in it he asks his cousin to ä	take you to Suhn.
	
	You thank the Captain for all his help and then ä	disembark onto Nhang quay. You leave the port area ä	and follow 'The Street of the Full Moon' - the main ä	thoroughfare which bisects the city and ends at its ä	West Gate. Your first impressions of Nhang are mixed. ä	The striking design and construction of its buildings ä	amaze you, but the dismal mood of its natives and the ä	large number of street beggars leaves you with the ä	feeling that the city could erupt at any time. 

	You pass many hundreds of shops and they all appear ä	dingy and uninteresting until you happen upon a ä	triangular building, created by a fork in the road. ä	It has no sign stating its business, but by the ä	nature of the various goods displayed in its window ä	you judge it to be an emporium. 


	If you wish to enter this shop, turn to  ‚156‚

	If you wish to continue walking along the street, ä	turn to  ‚281‚

