>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰110‰      

	You meet with Melchar as planned, and after a meagre ä	breakfast at the inn, you follow the crowds who are ä	making their way through the streets to the Caeno ä	racetrack. This magnificent establishment dominates ä	the city's eastern quarter and it has provided the ä	venue for this spectacular derby for more than a ä	century. Unlike the famous horse races held in Slovia ä	and Lourden, the Caeno Derby is run by guanza - large ä	bipedal lizards that are bred and trained throughout ä	the Southlands. Huge sums are bet on the big race and ä	the owner of the winning guanza stands to collect a ä	purse of one hundred thousand Nobels. 

	On entering the racetrack you and your companion make ä	your way through the crowds to the parade enclosures. ä	Melchar is keen to bet on the favourite - ÈForlu-zhanÈ ä	- but he wants to view the other runners before ä	placing his wager with Wrok the Bookmaker. Having ä	satisfied himself that the favourite will win, he ä	goes off to the betting ring while you stay at the ä	enclosure and watch the guanza lope past. As ÈForlu-ä	zhanÈ passes by, your Magnakai discipline of animal ä	control tells you that something is wrong. You sense ä	that the favourite has been drugged with a mild ä	tincture of Graveweed and that he will be incapable ä	of winning the race. Quickly you hurry to the betting ä	ring to stop Melchar placing his wager. He is about ä	to hand over his money when you catch up with him and ä	tell him what you know. Melchar cancels his bet and ä	Wrok the Bookmaker glares at you with undisguised ä	hatred. He signals to a group of his henchmen and ä	swiftly they surround you both. The moment the race ä	begins you and Melchar are grabbed from behind and ä	manhandled out of the betting ring. Wrok's henchmen 
	bundle you into a tack room below the public stands, ä	but before they can lock the door, you draw your ä	weapon and attack them.

	                 Wrok's Henchmen (6)
	         COMBAT SKILL  38     ENDURANCE  36


	If you win this combat, turn to  ‚206‚
