>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰111‰      

	Your Kai senses alert you to danger as you draw ä	closer to the burning wreck. You warn the Captain and ä	at first he is sceptical. Then he, too, senses that ä	something is greatly amiss and he orders the crew to ä	hoist the mainsail in order to reduce speed. His ä	caution is soon rewarded when suddenly a Shadakine ä	man o'war breaks cover from between two rocky islets ä	and comes surging towards 'ÈThe AzanÈ'. Jenkshi orders ä	the crew to lower the mainsail once more and begin ä	evasive action, but the wind is starting to change ä	and this greatly hampers his escape plan.
	
	You magnify your vision and scour the prow and ä	foredecks of the approaching ship. It is dressed with ä	the scarlet sails of a Shadaki buccaneer vessel and ä	it is sitting very low in the water. You hazard a ä	guess that it must be fully laden with booty stolen ä	from the hold of the burning trader. With the wind ä	going against him, Jenkshi takes a calculated gamble. ä	He orders his helmsman to steer towards a narrow ä	channel between two nearby islets. He is hoping that ä	his lighter craft will be able to pass through the ä	shallows here and gain precious time while the ä	heavier enemy ship will be forced to go around the ä	isles to avoid running aground. It is a bold ä	manoeuvre, and one that is made all the more ä	dangerous when the enemy captain suddenly turns his ä	vessel and runs it parallel with ÈThe AzanÈ. To your ä	horror you see that the Shadakine man o'war is armed ä	with deck cannons. As it gains on your ship you see ä	clouds of white smoke and flame erupt all along its ä	hull. Then seconds later you hear the rumbling roar ä	of its cannons, followed closely by the terrifying ä	shriek of its deadly ball and chain shot as it comes ä	hurtling through the air towards your vulnerable ä	ship.
	
	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ.


	If the number you have chosen is  ‚0‚ - ‚6‚, turn to  ‚218‚

	If it is  ‚7‚ - ‚9‚, turn to  ‚91‚


