>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL58
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä119ä      

	The woman leads you through the shabby streets of Š	Masama to her house on the boundary of the town's Š	wealthy quarter. It is a two-storey dwelling, modest Š	in comparison to others nearby yet richly appointed, Š	with servants, a stable, and a fragrant orchard of Š	Guyan trees. You are ushered upstairs to where a Š	young girl lies in a darkened room. She has a fever Š	and a sickly grey palour that makes her look more Š	than twice her age. You recognise at once that she is Š	suffering from Mysua. It is a disease that is spread Š	by swamp flies and is not uncommon among the jungle-Š	dwellers of Shadaki. 
	
	Using your Magnakai curing skills, and aided by the Š	presence of the Moonstone, you are able to neutralise Š	the infection that has ravaged this young girl's Š	body. Within a few hours her fever has disappeared Š	and a heathy colour returns to her face. She shows Š	every sign they she will make a complete recovery. Š	Her mother is overjoyed and she thanks you Š	repeatedly. She insists that you stay here as her Š	guest and she provides you with your own room Š	overlooking the river. 
	
	Over a delicious evening meal prepared by her Š	servants, you learn that her name is Tiosanna. She is Š	the widow of a wealthy trader who was killed at sea Š	when his ship was attacked and plundered by Š	buccaneers. When her only daughter recently fell ill Š	with fever, she feared she was going to lose her as Š	well. She rarely goes to the market, yet a strange Š	compulsion made her go today. She cannot explain, but Š	the moment she saw you she knew that it was within Š	your power to save her daughter's life.
	
	You retire early to bed and sleep soundly (you may Š	restore 6 ENDURANCE points). When you rise at dawn, Š	you are feeling fresh and eager to continue your Š	journey to the Isle of Lorn. In appreciation for Š	saving her daughter's life, Tiosanna gives you a Š	horse. Gladly you accept her generous gift and you Š	bid them both a fond farewell before you set off Š	along 'The Dragon's Tail' - the name given by the Š	natives of this region to the overland route from Š	Masama to the city of Kitaezi. 

	After consulting your map you estimate that it should Š	take you no more than two days to reach Kitaezi. The Š	weather has settled and the overland trail proves far Š	smoother than its given name implies. By mid-Š	afternoon you have covered more than fifty miles and Š	you are pleased with your progress. 
	
	You are passing through a range of forested hills and Š	gulleys when you come to an unexpected fork in the Š	trail. A signpost says that both branches of this Š	fork lead to Kitaezi, yet it does not give any Š	indication which is the shorter or the safer route to Š	take. 


	If you wish to take the left fork in the road, turn Š	to  â196â

	If you decide to take the right fork, turn to  â289â
