>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä150ä      

	Tzai's house is located in the centre of the city, Š	opposite the main market square and its municipal Š	buildings. It is a large dwelling and much of it is a Š	warehouse given over to the storage of his goods. You Š	are greeted by his family and he takes great delight Š	in introducing them to you. You meet his brother Š	Chinn, his wife Tuvei, his two teenage daughters Š	Leadu and Leiga, and his young son Undai. His wife Š	and children seem very pleased to have you staying as Š	a guest, but his brother Chinn views you with Š	suspicion. You can tell from his cold reaction that Š	he does not think very highly of foreigners.

	Later you share supper with the family and you tell Š	Tzai that tomorrow you will look for Captain Š	Leonghi's cousin, Gemulkin. You hand him the scroll Š	that the Captain gave you and he passes it to his Š	brother. He says that Chinn has many friends at the Š	dock and he asks his brother if he recognises the Š	name. Chinn shakes his head tersely and barely Š	glances at the scroll before handing it back. He then Š	leaves the table and goes to his room. As you watch Š	him leave, your sixth sense tells you that he knows Š	Gemulkin very well. 

	After supper, Tzai invites you on a tour of his Š	warehouse. While you are looking at the hundreds of Š	fascinating items that he sells, you suddenly hear Š	shouting coming from outside in the main market Š	square. A noisy mob have gathered to denounce Š	Dhanchai, the city's mayor. They are demanding that Š	Koogha, a former Shadakine warlord, be returned to Š	power. The city militia arrive to disperse this Š	unruly crowd, but a struggle breaks out and soon the Š	two sides are fighting openly in the square. Suddenly Š	the warehouse door burst open and a dozen men armed Š	with knives and clubs begin to loot the shelves. Then Š	Chinn comes running through from the house, alerted Š	by the noise. He is armed with a stave with which he Š	attacks the looters. One of them knocks it from his Š	hand and another grabs him from behind and pins his Š	arms to his side. Tzai screams as a third looter Š	advances towards his helpless brother with a knife in Š	his hand.


	If you have a Bow, and wish to use it, turn to  â233â

	If you do not, turn to  â105â
