>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL62
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰155‰      

	Once outside the main doors, you hurry across a wide ä	stone bridge that spans the dry moat encircling ä	Sesketera's citadel. Ahead you can see a cobblestoned ä	plaza which is flanked on three sides by municipal ä	buildings and shops, and on its fourth side by   ä	barracks and stables. The sound of the alarm bell is ä	beginning to awaken interest in the plaza. Faces peer ä	from windows and you see men running to and fro ä	inside the barracks compound. Then the gate to the ä	stables swings open and suddenly there appears a man ä	on horseback. He is one of Sesketera's guards and he ä	comes galloping towards you with a lance levelled at ä	your chest.

	You skid to a halt and quickly focus on the rider's ä	horse. Using your Magnakai discipline of Animal ä	Control, you command the horse to jump in the air. ä	This has the effect of startling the horse and, in ä	its confusion, it begins to buck and twist. The rider ä	is thrown from his saddle and left sprawled ä	unconscious on the ground. Now you use your Kai ä	skills to calm the startled horse. As he settles ä	down, you leap into his saddle and escape from the ä	plaza at a gallop. 

	The incessant sound of the alarm bell follows you ä	through the early-morning streets of Ghol-Tabras. ä	Even as you reach the entrance to the harbour, more ä	than a mile from the citadel, you can still hear it ä	echoing over the rooftops. You look back over your ä	shoulder and see that you are being followed by a ä	dozen riders. They are citadel guards and they have ä	been ordered to stop you at all costs. As you gallop ä	along the harbour wall, your heart sinks when you see ä	that ÈThe AzanÈ is surrounded by soldiers. You race ä	past them before they have a chance to load and fire ä	their bows, but you soon come to the end of the ä	harbour wall where you are forced to a halt. The ä	bridge which spans the harbour entrance is too narrow ä	to cross on horseback and so you abandon your mount ä	and hurry across it on foot. You are nearing its ä	centre when you see a trading ship passing directly ä	below. It is leaving the harbour. Suddenly an arrow ä	pierces your cloak and makes you freeze in your ä	tracks. The soldiers are firing at you and, to your ä	dismay, you see that they have sealed off both exits ä	from the bridge. As they begin to move towards you ä	from each side, firing as they advance, you climb ä	onto the parapet of the bridge and attempt to leap ä	onto the deck of the passing trader.


	If you possess the discipline of Magi-magic, and wish ä	to use it, turn to  ‚193‚

	If you possess the discipline of Kai-alchemy, and ä	wish to use it, turn to  ‚26‚

	If you possess neither of these skills, or if you ä	choose not to use them, turn to ‚63‚
