>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰16‰      

	You climb the stairs to the foredeck and scan the ä	horizon for signs of a pirate raider. Less than a ä	mile away you can see a huge vessel with a purple ä	mainsail sailing towards the strait. Captain Radyard ä	appears at your side and he views the approaching ä	craft through his telescope. 

	"Weigh anchor!" he orders, "Unfurl all canvas. I want ä	every ounce of speed she'll give us, lads."  The ä	Captain's urgent orders stir the crew into a frenzy ä	of activity. As they set about their duties, you ask ä	Radyard what is wrong. Without taking his eye from ä	his telescope he says:

	"That's Sesketera's flagship - ÈThe TriasusÈ. I'd ä	recognise her sails anywhere. That scoundrel must ä	want you badly to have sent the pride of his battle ä	fleet after the likes of us."

	With all canvas lowered, the ÈSeaspriteÈ cuts a rapid ä	course through the glassy blue waters of 'Kastrow's ä	Door'. Yet ÈThe TriasusÈ has the advantage and ä	relentlessly she closes the gap until no more than ä	thirty yards of water separate her from the ä	ÈSeasprite'sÈ starboard beam. The Siyenese cajole and ä	curse and wave their fists at their pursuers, but ä	their bravado soon crumbles when they find themselves ä	staring into the muzzles of a double row of wide-ä	bored naval cannon. A warning shot from a swivel gun ä	whistles through the ÈSeasprite'sÈ rigging, and then ä	you hear the voice of Sesketera himself.

	"Surrender the Northlander to me, Captain," he ä	shouts, through a loudhailer, "or I'll have my ä	gunners blow your ship out of the water!"

	Radyard glances at you with fear in his eyes. He ä	knows that he cannot outrun ÈThe TriasusÈ, and he also ä	knows that Sesketera is not a man who is given to ä	making idle threats.


	If you wish to volunteer to surrender to Sesketera in ä	order to save Captain Radyard and his ship, turn to  ä	‚113‚

	If you decide instead to abandon the ÈSeaspriteÈ and ä	attempt to swim for the shore, turn to  ‚92‚

