>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰167‰      

	The corpse-creature implodes the very instant that it ä	is struck by the radiant light of the Moonstone. Air ä	and loose earth rush past you to be sucked into the ä	vacuum formed by its sudden destruction, and you are ä	forced to cling to the ground for fear of being ä	dragged into this crushing vortex. Then, with ä	stunning abruptness, the swirling vacuum shoots ä	skywards and vanishes among the clouds.

	The Shaman howls with mortal terror and flees into ä	the jungle, his power destroyed. The natives stagger ä	drunkenly, as if suddenly they have awoken from a ä	trance. They fall to their knees and begin to worship ä	you, for they recognise that you have broken the ä	Shaman's spell and they are in awe of your power. 

	You allow the natives to escort you to Kitaezi, their ä	coastal city, where you are treated like a hero by ä	the impoverished populace. You learn that Kitaezi was ä	once a thriving port before the arrival of Ulonga the ä	Shaman. He used his power to overthrow the tribal ä	chieftain, enslave the people, and drive away the ä	traders. For a year he has been the bane of this port ä	and its poor citizens, but now he is gone and the ä	people are eager to celebrate his demise. They smash ä	the many statues and likenesses of Ulonga that stand ä	in every public square, and they sing and dance ä	through the streets.

	At a ceremony held in the city's main square, you
	are bedecked with garlands of flowers and presented ä	with three special items:

	  Pouch of Seota Dust  (Restores 10 ENDURANCE points. 
	                        Use only once)
	  Talisman of Defiance (Adds +2 to COMBAT SKILL)
	  Eye of Lhaz          (Enables user to exert control
	                        over poisonous snakes)

	All of the above are Special Items which you keep in ä	the pockets of your tunic. Record them on your ÈAction ä	ChartÈ and note their special properties.


	To continue, turn to  ‚153‚
