>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰195‰      

	Your Kai senses scream a warning that you are in ä	great danger as steadily you draw closer to the ä	burning wreck. You tell Jenkshi, but he is greatly ä	sceptical of your seamanship and he ignores your ä	advice. He is more concerned about finding survivors ä	than listening to your vague warnings of danger. ä	Unfortunately, he soon has cause to regret his ä	decision when suddenly a Shadakine man o'war breaks ä	cover from between two rocky islets and comes surging ä	towards ÈThe AzanÈ. Jenkshi immediately orders his crew ä	to unfurl every last inch of canvas and take evasive ä	action, but the wind is now beginning to change and ä	this greatly hampers them as they struggle to carry ä	out his orders.
	
	You magnify your vision and scour the prow and ä	foredecks of the approaching ship. It is dressed with ä	the scarlet sails of a Shadaki buccaneer vessel and ä	it is sitting very low in the water. You hazard a ä	guess that it must be fully laden with booty stolen ä	from the hold of the burning trader. With the wind ä	going against him, Jenkshi takes a calculated gamble. ä	He orders his helmsman to steer towards a narrow ä	channel between two nearby islets. He is hoping that ä	his lighter craft will be able to pass through the ä	shallows here and gain precious time while the ä	heavier enemy ship will be forced to go around the ä	isles to avoid running aground. It is a bold ä	manoeuvre, and one that is made all the more ä	dangerous when the enemy captain suddenly turns his ä	vessel and runs it parallel with ÈThe AzanÈ. To your ä	horror you see that the Shadakine man o'war is armed ä	with deck cannons. As it gains on your ship you see ä	clouds of white smoke and flame erupt all along its ä	hull. Then seconds later you hear the rumbling roar ä	of its cannons, followed closely by the terrifying ä	shriek of its deadly ball and chain shot as it comes ä	hurtling through the air towards your vulnerable ä	ship.
	
	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ.


	If the number you have chosen is  ‚0‚ - ‚3‚, turn to  ‚218‚

	If it is  ‚4‚ - ‚9‚, turn to  ‚91‚


