>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰200‰      

	A sinister quiet enshrouds the great city of Ghol-ä	Tabras as ÈThe AzanÈ sails beneath the arch of its ä	harbour bridge and docks alongside its grand stone ä	quay. The only citizens to be seen abroad are the ä	guards of the Harbour Watch who quickly approach once ä	the ship is safely moored. A sly-faced sergeant ä	informs Captain Jenkshi that a night curfew is in ä	force, and that a mooring fee of 100 Nobels a day ä	must be paid by all ships arriving after sunset. This ä	is a huge charge and Jenkshi complains bitterly, but ä	the Sergeant merely laughs as his protests. "Pay the ä	fee or forfeit your ship, Captain," he sneers. ä	Jenkshi asks that he be allowed to pay tomorrow, so ä	that he may sell some of his cargo to offset the ä	exorbitant fee, but the sergeant shakes his head and ä	refuses his request out of hand. "The fee must be ä	paid now," he growls, "and in coinage - not cargo". 
	
	Reluctantly the Captain pays the Sergeant using every ä	last Nobel that he possesses, leaving him with no ä	money to pay his crew or purchase fresh supplies of ä	food and water in the morning. He tells the crew that ä	he must sell some of the cargo to raise the money he ä	needs. A sale must be arranged quickly for he cannot ä	afford to stay in this harbour for more than a day.
	Jenkshi picks a handful of his best crew members and ä	tells them to accompany him ashore to help him find ä	someone who will be willing to buy his copper ingots. ä	You offer to help him and he suggests that you take ä	half his men and meet back at the ship at dawn. He ä	tells you to accept no less than 8 Nobels per ingot. ä	He also tells you of two places he knows where a ä	buyer for copper may be found: the Flying Fish Tavern ä	and Coppersmiths Hall.


	If you wish to go to the Flying Fish Tavern, turn to  ä	‚319‚

	If you would prefer to go to Coppersmiths Hall, turn ä	to  ‚282‚
