>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä209ä      

	You set off along the shore, keeping the waters of Š	the Gulf of Serpents in sight to help you guage your Š	progress. The jungle bordering this coast is teeming Š	with wildlife yet you detect no sign of tribal Š	inhabitants. After your encounter with the natives of Š	Dlash-da Ralzuha, you decide that perhaps this is a Š	blessing. You spend the first night encamped on the Š	beach, and then you begin your trek early the Š	following day.
	
	Fine weather, wild game, and an abundance of fresh Š	water streams make your trek far easier than Š	expected. On the fourth day you happen upon an Š	ancient track that climbs into the hills and joins a Š	newer trail. Your tracking skills reveal human Š	footprints but your excitement wanes when you Š	determine that they are more than six months old. Š	Steadily the trail climbs higher into the hills until Š	you lose sight of the gulf waters. As darkness Š	approaches it begins to rain. Within an hour it has Š	become a torrential downpour that turns the trail Š	into a fast-flowing stream. It becomes impossible to Š	continue and so you search for somewhere dry to spend Š	the night. Your tracking skills lead you to a cave, Š	but when you enter you realise at once that you are Š	not the only creature who is seeking shelter here Š	tonight. You see the glint of amber eyes at the rear Š	of the cave and you detect growling, loud enough to Š	be heard above the noise of the pounding rain. Your Š	instincts tell you that there are two creatures Š	lurking here in the recesses of the cave, and that Š	they are both hungry, scared and potentially Š	dangerous.


	If you possess Animal Mastery, and wish to use it, Š	turn to  â346â

	If you possess kai-surge, and wish to use it, turn to  Š	â185â

	If you possess Bardsmanship, and wish to use it, turn Š	to  â269â

	If you possess none of these skills, or if you choose Š	not to use any of them, turn to â86â


