>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä253ä      

	Suddenly the caged birds stop their chirping and the Š	young woman senses something is wrong. She raises her Š	tear-streaked face and catches sight of you standing Š	near the entrance to the antechamber.

	"Who are you ?" she demands, hurriedly wiping away Š	her tears. "Are you one of Sesketera's lackeys come Š	to taunt me ?"

	You tell the young woman not to be alarmed - you have Š	no wish to harm her. The unexpected shock of seeing Š	you gradually fades and she becomes curious. "How did Š	you enter this hall ?" she asks, "...and why are you 
	here ?"

	Sensing that she, too, is being held against her Š	will, you decide to confide in this young woman and Š	tell her everything that has befallen you since you Š	first arrived in Ghol-Tabras. When you have finished Š	your sorry tale, she smiles sympathetically. She then Š	tells you of her own sad predicament.

	You learn that her name is Oriah. She is the daughter Š	of Khazullo, a Vassagonian funtal who rules the city Š	of Fio Fadali. Her father is a rich and ruthless man Š	and it is his wish that his only daughter should Š	marry Sesketera, the ruler of Ghol-Tabras. Oriah has Š	no desire to become the bride of a cruel overlord, Š	but this is of no interest to her father. He lusts Š	after the political power that her marriage will Š	afford him. He has no thought or concern for his Š	daughter's happiness. 
	
	With the help of her friends, Oriah attempted to flee Š	her native city in order to avoid the marriage. But Š	she was hunted down by Sesketera's men and brought Š	here, to his citadel, against her will. She is to be Š	kept imprisoned in this hall until her wedding day, Š	one month from now. 

	"Let us escape from this place together," you say, Š	but Oriah merely shakes her head. "No...no, it cannot Š	be. Sesketera is holding my friends. They are his Š	hostages. If I leave the citadel before our wedding Š	he will put them to the sword. I cannot leave here. Š	But I will help you to escape. Come, follow me."


	Turn to  â78â
