>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä259ä      

	Begrugdingly you pay the innkeeper six Nobels and Š	then you ask that he bring you some of the food you Š	have paid for. He points to a table and tells you to Š	go and wait. The food will be brought to you shortly.

	As you take your seat, you are approached by a Š	smiling, fair-haired young man who is attired in a Š	cloak of darkly patterned wool. He has strong Š	Sommlending features and the cut of his clothes tell Š	you that he is a member of a guild from your Š	homeland. He is holding a plate of steaming Š	vegetables.

	"Well met, master Kai," he says, wiping and offering Š	his hand in friendship. "I am Melchar, journeyman to Š	the Silversmiths Guild of Toran. I'm honoured to make Š	with your acquaintence. May I join you? The food here Š	is indiscribable...but it fills an empty belly."
       You welcome the young man to sit down and the Š	innkeeper appears with your food. As you share your Š	meal, you learn more about him and this region of Š	Shadaki. 
	
	Melchar is on his way home to Toran. He has spent the Š	past six months studying in Tiklu at the workshops of Š	a famous silversmith of that city. During his stay he Š	also studied the history of this region. On hearing Š	of your encounters at sea he tells you that the Š	buccaneers of Shadaki are renegades from the remnants Š	of a great fleet that was created by the Wytch-king Š	Shasarak. Following the overthrow of their master, Š	these renegades were banished to the wastes of the Š	Sadi desert by Grey Star - the Wizard Regent of the Š	Free Peoples. However, the buccaneers have recently Š	returned to prey upon the rich sea lanes, and their Š	piracy has grown unchecked ever since Grey Star Š	disappeared three months ago from his palace in the 
	city of Shadaki. His court officials maintain that he Š	is abroad on a quest to Western Magnamund, but rumour Š	is rife that he has been abducted by necromancers
	who wish for a return to the dark days of Shasarak's Š	rule. 

	Melchar asks what has brought you to this part of the Š	world and you tell him simply that you are on your Š	way to the Port of Suhn to meet with Lord Zinair of Š	Dessi. On hearing this, Melchar says that he may be Š	able to help you reach your destination.


	Turn to  â235â
