>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!----------------------------R
		‰262‰      

	Tolshi the helmsman climbs out of the hatchway to the ä	stern hold and he hurries over to the Captain's side. ä	He reports that the ship is holed below the waterline, ä	close to the rudder, and that she is fast taking on ä	water. Jenkshi inspects the damage for himself and ä	immediately sets his crew to work at patching up the ä	damage. They do their best with the materials ä	available but still ÈThe AzamÈ continues to take on ä	water. Jenkshi estimates that the ship will stay ä	afloat no more than three hours unless proper repairs ä	are carried out, and he orders Tolshi to set a course ä	for Dlash-da Ralzuha - the nearest port. 
	
	You voice your fear that Shadakine pirates may already ä	occupy this port, but Jenkshi laughs when he hears ä	this.
	"If you knew Dlash-da Ralzuha like I do, you'd know we ä	have no cause to worry about running foul of any ä	buccaneers there. It's a slum port. A rubbish dump.
	It's name means 'Junkyard of the Ralzuha' and it ä	certainly lives up to its name."

	Your first glimpse of Dlash-da Ralzuha confirms ä	everything Jenkshi has said about it. Its rust-red ä	hovels and stinking shacks are grouped haphazardly ä	around the rim of a natural stone harbour formed by a ä	semi-circle of black volcanic rocks. Flocks of vultures ä	hover in the skies, swooping to feed occasionally on ä	rafts of rotting debris which litter the shoreline. 
	
	It is late in the afternoon and ÈThe AzanÈ is listing ä	alarmingly to starboard when at last she enters the ä	stench-filled harbour of Dlash-da Ralzuha. It seems ä	that the whole population of this derelict little port ä	turns out to greet your arrival. For the natives it is ä	something of a special occasion, for so rarely do ä	ships ever visit their squalid harbour.

	Despite their wretched living conditions, the poverty-ä	stricken tribal natives of Dlash-da Ralzuha give ÈThe ä	AzanÈ a warm welcome, and they seem genuinely eager to ä	help Jenkshi and his crew with the repair of the ä	ship's hull. Grooja, the port's oldest man and tribal ä	leader, provides Jenkshi with fifty native men to help ä	with the unloading of the cargo in order that the  ä	damaged section of the hull can be raised above the ä	waterline. The Captain sets them to work and he ä	estimates that adequate repairs could be made ä	overnight to enable the ship to sail on the first high ä	tide tomorrow. The crew are pleased to hear this news. ä	None of them want to stay in Dlash-da Ralzuha a minute ä	longer than is absolutely necessary.  


	Turn to  ‚69‚