>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä265ä      

	The gaol of Ghol-Tabras was once the southern wing of Š	a grand citadel built by Jublazh Khyr, the first Š	emperor of Shadaki. Its cells are reputed to be among Š	the most escape-proof of any in Southern Magnamund, Š	especially those which are located below ground level Š	in the dungeons of the old citadel. Upon arriving at Š	the gaol, you and your companions are thrown into a Š	communal cell on the second floor. However, as soon Š	as the gaolers examine the Kai weapon and equipment Š	that they confiscated from you, they begin to think Š	that perhaps you are something more than just a Š	hapless curfew-breaker. 
	
	An hour after you arrive, the door of the communal Š	cell bangs open and six armed citadel guards burst Š	in. They have come to take you away from the Suhnese Š	and transfer you to a separate cell below ground Š	level. Your destination turns out to be a damp, Š	windowless chamber. It opens onto a torchlit corridor Š	that is lined with rusting stands of armour. At the Š	end of the corridor is a guardroom, and when you pass Š	by this room on your way to the cell you catch a Š	glimpse of the wooden crate which contains your Š	weapons and equipment. It is being stored here. You Š	are pushed into your dingy cell, then the iron door Š	is slammed shut and bolted. As you listen to the Š	footsteps of the guards receding down the corridor,
	you vow that you will escape from this gaol before Š	the night is over.


	If you possess Elementalism, and wish to use it, turn Š	to  â182â                                        

	If you possess Kai-surge, and wish to use it, turn to  Š	â115â                                         

	If you possess Grand Nexus, and wish to use it, turn Š	to  â65â                                        

	If you possess none of these skills, or if you choose Š	not to use them, turn to â294â


