>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL58
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰275‰      

	Next morning you bid farewell to Tzai and his family ä	before accompanying Chinn to the docks. Moored at a ä	jetty by the old harbour wall is a sleek-prowed ä	merchant trader called the ÈVargasÈ that flies a ä	Suhnese flag. Chinn takes you aboard this vessel and ä	you meet with Gemulkin in his cabin at the stern. He ä	is wiry man with a hooked nose and close-set eyes ä	that gives him an expression of sly and cunning. Yet ä	his voice is deep and resonant and you can tell that ä	he is someone who is used to commanding respect. By ä	way of introduction you present him with the scroll ä	that his cousin gave you, and he smiles as he reads ä	it.

	"If I had a Nobel for every favour I've done him over ä	the years, I'd be a rich man," he says, jokingly. ä	Then he furls the scroll and places it in the drawer ä	of his chart table (erase this item from your ÈAction ä	ChartÈ).
	
	"Welcome aboard, Grand Master. Pay no attention to my ä	jest. I owe my cousin more favours than I care to ä	remember. You're welcome to sail with us to Suhn on ä	the noon tide. All I ask is that you work your ä	passage."

	You agree to Gemulkin's terms and shake his hand to ä	seal the deal. He calls for one of his crew to come ä	and show you to your bunk, but before you go with him ä	you bid farewell to Chinn. He thanks you again, not ä	only for saving his life but also for curing him of ä	his distrust of foreigners.

	The ÈVargasÈ sets sail on the noon tide. It is carrying ä	a valuable cargo of silk, and Gemulkin is anxious ä	that it should arrive safely in Suhn. He expects the ä	voyage to last four days. During your first day ä	aboard you help the crew with their duties and listen ä	to their tales about the Sea of Winds. Gemulkin has ä	ordered the crew to be especially vigilant on this ä	voyage for pirate raiders from northern waters have ä	become more daring of late. The ships of the Freedom ä	Guild patrol the Sea of Winds to deter buccaneers, ä	yet they cannot guarantee safe passage to any ship ä	once it passes beyond Shuri Point.

	On the morning of the third day the lookout sights ä	Shuri Point in the distance. As the ÈVargasÈ swings ä	around this rocky cape, you see a storm brewing on ä	the horizon. A cluster of black clouds hover ä	menacingly over the sea, discharging bolts of ä	lightning that arc back and forth between the shore ä	and the surface of the ocean.


	If you possess Elementalism, and wish to use it, turn ä	to  ‚329‚

	If you possess Kai-alchemy, and wish to use it, turn ä	to  ‚191‚

	If you possess neither of these skills, or if you ä	choose not to use them, turn to ‚76‚


