>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰280‰      

	You hit the moving deck and your legs crumple beneath ä	you. Badly winded by the fall, you have difficulty in ä	standing and are barely able to rise to your knees. ä	Instinctively, you reach to your weapon. You are ä	feeling vulnerable and are fearful that the crew of ä	this trader may attempt to throw you overboard before ä	you fully recover your senses. Yet to your surprise ä	you hear that they are cheering. Your daring escape ä	from Sesketera's guards has impressed them immensely. 

	A tall man with wavy grey hair takes you by the arm ä	and helps you to your feet. He hands you some coins ä	that fell from your belt pouch when you hit the deck, ä	and you thank him for his kind assistance. You notice ä	that he is wearing the five stripes of a merchant ä	captain of Siyen on the sleeve of his blue jacket.

	"You must o'ruffled Sesketera's feathers good and ä	proper for him to 'ave turned 'is guards on you like ä	that," he says, with a wry grin. Then he faces his ä	crew and says: "Anyone who can achieve that can't be ä	all bad, eh lads!"

	The crew cheer again. It is plain by their reactions ä	that they are glad to be leaving Ghol-Tabras and its 
	tyrannical ruler. The Captain hands over the running ä	of his ship to his bo'sun and then he helps you to ä	his cabin where he pours you a reviving draught of ä	Siyenese ale. This brew has a peculiar grey-green ä	colour but it tastes delicious. You soon learn that ä	you have jumped aboard ÈThe SeaspriteÈ, a Siyenese ä	merchantman under the able command of Captain ä	Radyard. It is carrying a cargo of fine wool and ä	linen and is bound for the port of Masama on a voyage ä	that should take eight days. Radyard had expected to ä	sell half of his cargo in Ghol-Tabras market, but the ä	heavy mooring charges and the unfriendly mood of the ä	natives there had prompted him to make an early ä	departure. His native homeland - Siyen - has traded ä	with Sommerlund for centuries. Radyard much admires ä	your land and its people and he is happy to allow you ä	to stay on board his ship. You are thankful for his ä	hospitality, but you feel you should offer him some ä	form of payment for your passage to Masama.


	If you possess the Siyen Crown, turn to  ‚333‚

	If you do not possess this Special Item, turn to  ‚123‚
