>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä282ä      

	Following directions given by the men in your charge, Š	you make your way through the quiet streets of Ghol-Š	Tabras until you arrive at the grand double doors of Š	its Coppersmiths Hall. You push open one of these Š	mighty portals and enter an imposing chamber that is Š	decorated with the portraits of wealthy Shadakine Š	merchants and past coppermasters. The warden of the Š	hall comes hurrying towards you from the door to an Š	antechamber. He is grumbling and waving his hands Š	frantically as if he is trying to shoo away a cloud Š	of invisible insects. It is clear from his sour Š	expression that he has an intense dislike of the Š	Suhnese. 
	
	"Out! Out! Leave here at once!" he blusters. You are Š	about to be ejected from the hall when suddenly a Š	guildsman intervenes. He orders the warden to stop Š	shouting and calm himself down before his blood boils Š	over. Seething with fury, the warden bites his lower Š	lip as he tries with difficulty to obey this man's Š	command.
	
	"My name is Noliq," says the guildsman. "How may I be Š	of service ?" 

	You tell the man that you wish to sell some copper Š	ingots. He smiles and says that he may be able to Š	help you. The warden warns him that to do so after Š	sunset is illegal, but the guildsman dismisses his Š	comment with a disparaging flick of his hand. 

	"Come to my chambers and we'll discuss this matter Š	further," he says, smiling. You motion to the crew to Š	follow you but the man raises his hand once more, Š	this time in protest. "I will discuss the matter only Š	with you," he says. And then with a disdainful tone Š	in his voice he adds: 
	
	"These men will have to leave the hall and wait for Š	you outside in the street." 	


	If you wish to agree to his conditions, turn to  â18â

	If you choose not to part company with the crew, turn Š	instead to  â190â
