>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä290ä      

	For two days you follow this shoreline which borders Š	upon the Sea of Dreams. You feed upon the plentiful Š	supply of marine life that you find at low tide in Š	rockpools and caves, and you avoid the natives of the Š	coastal villages through which you take care to pass Š	only at night.

	During the morning of the third day you catch your Š	first sighting of the Port of Suhn and your spirits Š	rise. It sits upon an islet at the mouth of the River Š	Azan, and it is a most welcoming sight. There have Š	been many times during your long voyage south that Š	you feared you might not live to ever see this city.

	You continue your trek and enter Suhn by means of a Š	grand wooden bridge. It spans the Azan and leads Š	directly to the harbour. You stop to admire the great Š	harbour gate of Suhn. It is a magnificent arch that Š	is decorated with likenesses of the head of every Š	ruler this city has known. You count 120 heads in Š	all, the last in the line being that of the city's Š	present ruler - Grey Star.	The harbour is filled with Š	low, wide boats, many with makeshift shelters, that Š	rock gently on the tide. Native families crowd these Š	vessels, their menfolk working long hours at the busy Š	quayside and trading wharfs nearby. Passing through Š	the harbour you see several patrols of city guardsmen Š	who are heavily armed and quick to stop anyone they Š	consider to be suspicious. There is an underlying Š	sense of unease about the place, a tension that Š	reminds you of Nhang. You decide it would be wise to Š	avoid the city guards and so you leave the harbour Š	and go in search of Lord Zinair, the Dessian Š	ambassador. Beyond the harbour gate you see that Š	there are only two thoroughfares. One leads directly Š	to Suhn's Market Square and the other, the Avenue of Š	the Southern Seas, wends its way into the city's Š	trade quarter.


	If you wish to follow the street that leads to the Š	Market Square, turn to  â116â

	If you choose to enter the Avenue of the Southern Š	Seas, turn to  â194â
