>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰298‰      

	You explain the problem to Melchar and he solves it ä	by swiping a pair of lady's pink pantaloons from a ä	washing line that is strung across the alley. Their ä	furious owner sees him stealing her gaudy garment ä	from her bedroom window, and she hurls a chamber pot ä	at him in a desperate attempt to stop him getting ä	away. Unfortunately, the pot hits you on the back of ä	the head (lose 1 ENDURANCE point). As you escape ä	along the winding alleyway, you rub the bruise that ä	is rising on your head and curse your luck. But you ä	are grateful of one thing: at least the chamber pot ä	was empty!
	
	You follow Melchar through the alleyways of the east ä	quarter which take you all the way back to ÈThe Song ä	of the Silver StarÈ tavern. The young journeyman ä	laughs with sheer relief at having escaped from ä	Wrok's henchmen when finally you enter the sanctuary ä	of the inn's crowded taproom. The innkeeper asks ä	Melchar if he bought his pantaloons with the proceeds ä	of his winnings at the racetrack. He replies that, ä	thanks to your advice, he did not bet. The only thing ä	he lost was his breeches and he proceeds to tell the ä	innkeeper how that came about. The man frowns:
	
	"Wrok's not a man to cross, y'know" he says, "he's ä	ruthless when it comes to getting even. I think you ä	two had better stay in the attic tonight. Wrok's sure ä	to send his lackeys out a-huntin' for you."

	You heed the innkeeper's warning and spend the night ä	hidden in his attic room. Before dawn breaks you slip ä	out of the tavern by a back door and say farewell to ä	Melchar in the street outside. 

	"Captain Leonghi's ship is moored down at the docks," ä	he says. "It's called ÈEmbassageÈ. I wish you a swift ä	and safe journey to Nhang, Grand Master. I'll always ä	remember our little adventure at the Caeno Derby and ä	I hope we'll meet again one day when you return home ä	to Sommerlund."


	Turn to  ‚244‚

	




