>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä325ä      

	"Put that on my bill!" says a voice behind you. The Š	words are spoken by a smiling, fair-haired young man Š	who is attired in a cloak of darkly patterned wool. Š	He has strong Sommlending features and the cut of his Š	clothes tell you that he is a member of a guild from Š	your homeland.

	"Well met, master Kai," he says, offering his hand in Š	friendship. "I am Melchar, journeyman to the Š	Silversmiths Guild of Toran. I'm honoured to make Š	with your acquaintence. Come, join me for a meal. The Š	food here is indiscribable...but it fills an empty Š	belly. You look in need of food. Come, join me."
	You thank the young journeyman for his generosity Š	and, as you share a meal, you learn more about him Š	and this region of Shadaki. 
	
	Melchar is on his way home to Toran. He has spent the Š	past six months studying in Tiklu at the workshops of Š	a famous silversmith of that city. During his stay he Š	also studied the history of this region. On hearing Š	of your encounters at sea he tells you that the Š	buccaneers of Shadaki are renegades from the remnants Š	of a great fleet that was created by the Wytch-king Š	Shasarak. Following the overthrow of their master, Š	these renegades were banished to the wastes of the Š	Sadi desert by Grey Star - the Wizard Regent of the Š	Free Peoples. However, the buccaneers have recently Š	returned to prey upon the rich sea lanes, and their Š	piracy has grown unchecked ever since Grey Star Š	disappeared three months ago from his palace in the 
	city of Shadaki. His court officials maintain that he Š	is abroad on a quest to Western Magnamund, but rumour Š	is rife that he has been abducted by necromancers
	who wish for a return to the dark days of Shasarak's Š	rule. 

	Melchar asks what has brought you to this part of the Š	world and you tell him simply that you are on your Š	way to the Port of Suhn to meet with Lord Zinair of Š	Dessi. On hearing this, Melchar says that he may be Š	able to help you reach your destination.


	Turn to  â235â
