>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰339‰      

	Fair weather returns and ÈThe AzanÈ makes good speed
	as it crosses the jade green waters of the Gulf of ä	Tentarium. It is shortly before noon of the following ä	day when the first glimpse of Zharloum is sighted by ä	the lookout, and less than an hour later you find ä	yourself sailing into the harbour of this grand city. ä	Emerald pennants flutter from its towers and the ä	roofs of its sun-bleached houses, and crowds of ä	industrious citizens throng its paved avenues and ä	alleyways. This old Shadakine port has a long history ä	of free and fair trading. It is many miles from the ä	cities of Shadakine political power which lie to the ä	south, and due to this fortunate fact it has been ä	spared much of the damage inflicted upon this ä	troubled land by a succession of ruthless and ä	tyrannical rulers.
	
	The ship enters and docks at the harbour wall, close ä	to the jetty of a warehouse which contains the iron ä	and copper ingots that it will carry to Suhn. As the ä	crew begin the task of loading the cargo aboard, you ä	agree to help Gregor find the Lourdanian Consulate so ä	that he may report the attack upon his ship, and seek ä	their help in returning home.
	
	Together you disembark from ÈThe AzanÈ and follow a ä	cobblestoned road which leads out of the harbour and ä	into the heart of the city. When asked for ä	directions, a helpful trader tells Gregor that the ä	Lourdanian Consulate building lies at the far end of ä	this busy main street. He gives the smiling man a ä	Gold Crown and then you continue your way along this ä	crowded thoroughfare. Gregor wishes to reach his ä	Consulate but he is in no great hurry. He suggests ä	that perhaps you and he could first pay a visit to ä	one of the many colourful inns or famous emporiums ä	which line this teeming main street.


	If you wish to visit the Zharloum Herb Emporium, turn ä	to  ‚61‚

	If you would like to visit the Lucky Horse Inn, turn ä	to  ‚252‚

	If you prefer not to visit either of these famous ä	establishments, you can continue along the main ä	street by turning to  ‚168‚
