>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		â350â

	The Shianti escort you from the beach to a wondrous Š	edifice - the sacred Temple of Amida - which stands Š	upon a high spur of rock commanding a spectacular Š	view of the four corners of their magical isle. Here Š	in a formal ceremony you receive the thanks and Š	praise of Acarya - the leader of the Shianti exiles. Š	Solemnly he vows to deliver the Moonstone into the Š	hands of Goddess Ishir herself, thereby ensuring that Š	never again will its powers disrupt Magnamund's Š	delicate balance of nature, nor be misused by the Š	forces of Evil.  
	
	After the ceremony, the Shianti show you some of the Š	magical wonders of their island that have never Š	before been seen by Man. You marvel at flowing rivers Š	of jewels, fabulous flora and species of exotic fauna Š	that defy description. After your tour of this Š	paradise isle you are allowed to rest awhile before Š	you are escorted to your boat to begin your journey Š	back to the Port of Suhn. 
	
	Your return voyage across the Sea of Dreams is swift Š	and eerily smooth. You sense that your direction and Š	speed are being controlled by the Shianti, for within Š	minutes of casting off from the shores of Lorn, the Š	bustling harbour entrance to the Port of Suhn Š	suddenly appears from out of the swirling sea mist.
	A stiff breeze catches your sail and propels you Š	towards the quayside where, to your astonishment, Š	Lord Zinair is waiting to greet your valiant return.

	Congratulations Grand Master. Once more you have Š	proved your courage and resourcefulness. You have Š	completed the quest entrusted to you by Lone Wolf
	and you have triumphed magnificently. The safe return Š	of the Moonstone to the Shianti is a major victory in Š	the war against Evil, but it is a war that is still Š	yet to be won. Upon your return to the Port of Suhn Š	you learn from Lord Zinair of a new and sinister Š	threat to the fragile peace of your world. If you Š	wish to confront this deadly threat and prove that Š	you are truly a champion of the New Order Kai, then Š	the nature of the challenge can be found in the next Š	exciting Lone Wolf adventure, entitled: 
	                
	                 MYDNIGHT'S HERO
	
