>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä48ä      

	You direct your Kai powers at the river in an attempt Š	to divert its current and send the drowning man Š	towards the safety of the bank. However, the current Š	proves too strong to be altered using your discipline Š	of Elementalism alone, and you are physically and Š	mentally weakened by the exertion of your attempt: Š	lose 3 ENDURANCE points.

	Having discovered that you cannot help the drowning Š	man using your Grand Mastery alone, you are forced to Š	resort to more direct and conventional methods. As he Š	goes under for the last time, you dive into the muddy Š	water and swim across the surging current. Guided by Š	your sixth sense, you locate his body and then pull Š	him to the surface. You fight to maintain your grip Š	as the powerful current sweeps you downstream, and
	you are propelled along for more than a mile before Š	it finally deposits you on the opposite bank. As you Š	drag the man from the water, you notice a group of Š	huts in the distance. You are about to haul the Š	unconscious man over your shoulder and set off Š	towards them, when suddenly you detect that he has no Š	pulse. Using your Magnakai discipline of Curing you Š	are able to restart his heart and empty the water Š	from his lungs, yet you are unable to restore him to Š	full consciousness. The sudden sound of voices makes Š	you look towards the huts where you see a group of Š	natives pointing excitedly in your direction. They Š	are all wearing jerkins and loincloths made from Š	animal hide, clothing that is identical to that worn Š	by the man you have saved from the river. You call to Š	them and wave your arms to attract their attention Š	and they quickly respond. You are expecting them to Š	be be pleased that you have saved one of their Š	kinfolk, but as they come closer you are shocked by Š	their unexpected response.


	Turn to  â20â
