>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰49‰      

	You leave the Tower of Truth and pass along a wide ä	stone ramp that gently descends to the great canal ä	that encircles the city of Elzian. Few of the city's ä	Vakeros natives are abroad at this early hour and the ä	streets and avenues are empty and quiet. A warm mist ä	wreathes the barges and ships that are moored along ä	the canal bank and, in the pre-dawn twilight, these ä	vessels take on a ghostly appearance. 
	
	By the time you find ÈThe AzanÈ, the sun has broken ä	through the mist and the city is beginning to stir. ä	Captain Jenkshi and the crew of the Suhnese trader ä	are busily preparing their ship to sail, yet they ä	immediately stop their work to welcome you and Lord ä	Rimoah aboard. Jenkshi is a lean, yellow-skinned man ä	with wide almond eyes and a small blunt nose. His ä	slick black hair is tied in a knot atop his head in ä	the Suhnese style, a fashion that is also favoured by ä	all his crewmen. He orders one of his men to show you ä	to your cabin at the prow, but before you go you bid ä	Lord Rimoah farewell and thank him for all that he ä	and the Elder Magi have done to aid your quest.

	By the time ÈThe AzanÈ is ready to sail, the mist has ä	vanished. Having inspected your cabin you return to ä	the foredeck where you settle yourself in the sun and ä	enjoy the ever-changing views of the lush farmlands ä	and Vakeros settlements which border upon the canal. ä	For ninety miles this waterway cuts a wide furrow ä	through the southern jungle of Dessi. To the east the ä	horizon is dominated by a solitary mountain, and you ä	marvel at its snowy peak which is steepest you have ä	ever seen. 
	
	"That's Kas-kalahmout," says one of the friendly ä	Suhnese crewmen. "In your language, I think it has ä	the meaning: ÈChair of the HeavensÈ"
	
	By midday you come to the estuary of the canal and ä	ÈThe AzanÈ heads out into the open waters of the Gulf ä	of Tentarium. Captain Jenkshi joins you on deck and ä	offers to share some of his food. While you eat you ä	learn from him that the voyage will take little more ä	than three weeks to complete, including visits to ä	ports of call along the way. You ask him about the ä	notorious Shadakine pirates who plague these waters ä	and he answers you with a shrug of his muscular ä	shoulders.

	"Relax and enjoy the journey as best you can, my ä	friend," he says, jovially, as finishes his food and ä	wipes his mouth on his silken shirt sleeve. "You're ä	in safe hands. I and my crew have sailed these waters ä	all our lives and we've yet to meet a buccaneer we ä	can't outwit or outrun. Breathe easy. You've nothing ä	to fear from those mangy curs"

	Turn to  ‚277‚