>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		ä78ä      

	Oriah takes you to another antechamber where she Š	opens a door concealed behind a hanging tapestry.  A Š	narrow torchlit passage lies beyond this door and Š	together you follow it until you arrive at a domed Š	alcove. Here Oriah touches the head of a marble Š	statue and the alcove swivels open to reveal a Š	balcony encircling a large hall. Peering over the Š	parapet you see that it is the main entrance hall to Š	Sesketera's citadel. Its polished stone floor lies Š	some twenty feet below the balcony, and its doors are Š	guarded by two impressive warriors. They are attired Š	in gold armour which glimmers in the weak rays of Š	sunlight that are now filtering into the hall through Š	its stained glass roof.

	"Wait a few moments," whispers Oriah, "they are the Š	night guards. Dawn is breaking and soon their watch Š	will be over. There is always a lapse before the Š	morning guards come on duty. The doors will then be Š	unmanned and you will be able to escape from the Š	citadel without being seen."

	Minutes later, just as she predicted, the warriors Š	march away and leave the doors to the citadel Š	unguarded. Oriah wishes you good luck, but as she Š	leans forward to kiss you fondly on the cheek, a Š	stern voice suddenly shatters the silence of the Š	hall.

	"Oriah! What deceit is this!"

	You spin around and see a tall, broad-shouldered man Š	clad in a high-necked robe of purple silk. He has Š	emerged from an archway and he is standing near the Š	parapet rail at the far side of the balcony. 
	
	"Sesketera..." gasps Oriah. She snatches her hands to Š	her mouth and then she swoons and faints. You catch Š	her as she falls and you lay her carefully down upon Š	the floor. Sesketera shouts for his guards until he Š	notices that the hall below is empty. He curses their Š	absence, then he begins to move around the balcony Š	towards you. He is unarmed - but not for long. He Š	grabs a ceremonial halberd from a stand of armour and Š	quickens his pace. As he levels this deadly polearm Š	at your chest you see that his eyes are filled with a Š	blind, jealous rage.
	

	If you have ever visited the city of Bisutan in a Š	previous Lone Wolf New Order adventure, turn to  â322â

	If you have not, turn to  â43â
