>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON       
>PL60
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰8‰      

	You take your seats and the croupier deals out five ä	cards to each player. Gregor wins the first round, ä	and the second, and the third. Very soon it becomes ä	apparent that he is quite an expert at Lourdanian ä	Draw. After little more than a dozen rounds of play ä	he has collected over 50 Nobels. For your part, you ä	make use of your Magnakai disciplines to help you win ä	a more modest sum.

	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ. If the ä	number you have chosen is odd (ie. 1,3,5,7,9), you ä	win 4 Nobels. If the number you have chosen is even ä	(ie. 0,2,4,6,8) you win 6 Nobels. (1 Nobel = 1 Gold ä	Crown)
	
	The other players become disgruntled and one by one ä	they leave the table. Soon there are not enough ä	players to be able to continue, and when no new ä	players come forward the croupier declares the game ä	closed. Grinning like a well-fed cat, Gregor pockets ä	his winnings and together you leave the Lucky Horse ä	Inn and continue your walk along the main street. ä	Soon you arrive at the Lourdanian Consulate where a ä	guard at the gate allows you both to enter and wait ä	in its cool, tree-shaded courtyard. A few minutes ä	later you are met by the consul's assistant, a rotund ä	little official called Cheary. He is shocked to hear ä	of the pirate attack, and he urges Gregor to ä	accompany him inside the consulate to make a full ä	written report. He says that it could take several ä	hours, possibly even a day or two, and so you decide ä	that now is a good time to say farewell to your ä	companion. Before you go, Gregor offers you his ä	heartfelt thanks for all you have done for him, and ä	he hopes that one day soon your paths will cross ä	again.
	
	"If you should ever visit Pforodon," he says, "stop ä	by the Singing Lamb Tavern on Spike Street. If I'm ä	not there, the landlord will know where you can find ä	me."
	
	You wish Gregor a safe journey home, then you leave ä	the consulate and make your way back along the main ä	street to the harbour. The heat and dust of the ä	afternoon are making you thirsty and so you stop to ä	drink from a freshwater fountain set into the wall of ä	a crumbling old temple. The hustle and noise of the ä	street crowd is becoming oppressive and you yearn to ä	find somewhere quiet where you can rest before you ä	return to the ship. Looking around, you notice two ä	places which promise some respite. The first is a ä	public park which stands upon a cliff that looms ä	above the city to the east of the harbour wall. The ä	second is a narrow deserted alley that wends its way ä	into the city's Old Quarter.


	If you wish to visit the park, turn to  ‚291‚

	If you choose to explore the city's Old Quarter, turn ä	to  ‚126‚
	

