>TM 4
>LS 2
>PS ON
>PL66
>SM6
>CP ON
>FO OFF
>------L-----------------------!---------------------------R
		‰85‰      

	You magnify your vision and focus on the tangle of ä	burnt timber and ash that lies heaped inside the ä	ruined hut. You are unable to see anything clearly, ä	but you sense that there is something lying buried ä	there. You tell the elder of your discovery and you ä	see a flicker of fear in his old eyes. He says that ä	there is nothing in the hut that could be of interest ä	to the dragon, but your senses tell you otherwise. ä	They also tell you that he is lying.
	
	A group of villagers armed with long spears rush to ä	the hut and attempt to stab the dragon. The creature ä	roars at them and then flaps its leathery wings and ä	begins to circle around the settlement once more. You ä	slip away from your hiding place and hurry down to ä	the ruins for you are determined to discover what it ä	is that the dragon is seeking. Guided by your sixth ä	sense, you uncover a bronze statuette from beneath ä	the ashes. Then the dragon returns. It lashes out at ä	the villagers with its clawed forelimbs and smashes ä	their spears to matchwood. The men retreat in ä	confusion and the dragon lands and settles itself ä	beside the hut. You move to unsheathe your weapon but ä	you freeze when suddenly the dragon speaks to you. ä	The creature has the voice of a man.

	The dragon pleads with you for the return of the ä	statuette, for he says that it will remove the curse ä	that has changed his shape. Your Kai senses detect ä	that the creature speaks the truth, and that he is ä	not the evil bane that the elder and the villagers ä	have led you to believe. You notice that the elder ä	and his men have left their hiding places and are now ä	running towards the hut. You focus on the elder and ä	see that a strange transformation has taken place. He ä	is no longer the frail old man that he was; his face ä	has become younger and it is contorted with a savage ä	rage. Your Kai senses detect an aura of evil that is ä	chillingly familiar. It is identical to that which ä	surrounded Ulonga the Shaman and you sense that he, ä	too, is a necromancer. He orders his men to take aim ä	at you with their bows and blindly they obey his ä	command. The dragon urges you to escape with him ä	while you are able, and hurriedly you rush forward to ä	climb upon his back as the first volley of arrows ä	come whistling through the hut.

	Pick a number from the ÈRandom Number TableÈ. If you ä	possess Grand Huntmastery, add ‚2‚ to the number you ä	have chosen. If you possess Assimilance, add ‚1‚.


	If your total score is now  ‚4‚  or lower, turn to  ‚311‚

  	If it is  ‚5‚  or higher, turn to ‚134‚
